Dr-Greenthumb:Cypress Hill:14:1998-11-07

{Hello I'm Dr. Greenthumb
Have you ever had the problem
Of running out of weed
And just can't find some anywhere?}

{Well try my 'Dr. Greenthumb grow tips'
I'll show you how to grow inside and out
From seed to clone and the best homegrown}

{And if you're afraid of those
Pesky pork choppers in the sky
No worries! We'll fix them too!}

{With one of our Dr. Greenthumb 'Sizzlean' screens
To block the nosy pig's vision
Don't believe me?}

{Just ask one of my many satisfied clients here
Jed Sanders, how well it works
Hyuh, hyuh, hello my name is Jed
And ahm a farmer and I've been growin'
Marijuana for about twenty years and uhh}

{Uhh, with Dr. Greenthumb's 'Sizzlean' screen
I don't hafta point my shotgun
At them pesky porkers no more
Thanks Dr. Green, you're tha shit!}

{Yes, Dr. Greenthumb's got it all!  I guarantee it!
Try my book and you'll have the chronic in no time
Dial 1-800-713-GROW, that's 1-800 -713-G R O W
"Hello Dr. Greenthumb, paging Dr. Greenthumb"}

Hello my name is Dr. Greenthumb
I'd like to tell you just where I'm from
In the hills where the trees grow wild with weed fields
The fucking pigs with shields holding the blue steels
Greenhouse effect with the weed connect
D E A can't keep the Greenthumb in check
H P S, God bless the whole crop
Please God, don't let me see no cops

Trunkload, ready to hit the highway
Don't let the eye in the sky fly my way
Or we gonna have big trouble, that's no shit
Can't be growin' without no permit
But fuck that, I study the 215 trip
That way when they come they can suck my dick
Weed can't grow without attention
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb

Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
I'd like to tell you just where I'm from
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
I'd like to tell you just where I'm from
Aiyyo Dr. Greenthumb, come on back one time

People can't live without the herb man
If not they'd be drinkin' and drivin' and swervin'
But thanks to Dr. Greenthumb, weed grow
In the backyard or inside with hydro
To the cush plant brushin' a tangerine dream
Tasty, blowin a fuckin' smokescreen
Cycles of weed are constantly grown
Somebody give me the razor to cut groves

I'd like to stop, but it feels so good
Horny plants stinkin' up my whole neighborhood
Sticky angel, I wanna leave it alone
But never ever ever gotta worry from my home
What that funny sound knockin' at the door ?
(Open up! It's the D E A)
Sorry Greenthumb can't talk no more
Please don't follow me into the sun
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb

Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
I'd like to tell you just where I'm from
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb

Out from the lab, no need for rehab
If I can't drive then call me a cab
In my closet the weed is dried out
Like Eiht said, ain't no place to hide out
I don't wanna buy no weed from no cop
Get knocked up and they close up my shop
That's why I buy no weed from no one
That's why they call me Dr. Greenthumb
The scientifical, mystical one

Growin' my crops with the rays of the sun
Come one, come all and see how it's done
If you see the pigs there's no need to run
'Cause some of these pigs are down with Greenthumb
But you never know what be the outcome
You see the photo in the album
The weed is growin' like my erection
Look, I never told you where I was from
Some call me Real, but I'm Dr. Greenthumb

Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
I'd like to tell you just where I'm from
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb
I'd like to tell you just where I'm from
Hello, my name is Dr. Greenthumb

Dr. Greenthumb
Doctor, your Bulova plant needs special tending to
Doctor, we need more oxygen', we need more CO2
Doctor, Dr. Greenthumb you're needed
Doctor, doctor