B-Boy-Document-99:The High & Mighty feat Mos Def & Mad Skillz:7:1999-10-09

Yeah, uhh
What it look like? Mad Skillz
Uhh Mr. Eon
The Mighty Mos Def
The Mighty Mos
The E.C. Rawkus connection
Coast to coast
From '88 to '99
What? What? What? What?

It's on fire tonight, everything on my side is lookin' alright
It's high power original, B-Boy traditional
Raw bass material, huh, when individual
True brand imperial you're hearin' on your stereo
Transcribe the live, the Mos, Def init-ial

Sit back and listen, you ain't, in no position
To deal with my condition-al mentally and physical
Strength is indivisible, crews be comin' pitiful
Speech be sound typical, downfall habitual

Ock, I'm not feelin' you, don't know what your label
Tellin' you or what magic beans they sellin' you
I can flow, you can't though, example
Of a cat who just a modern day Sambo

Who be bitchin' out to A&R; demands so
You can collect your little petty cash advance hoe
You knock-kneed and sloppy, but not me
I'm I-N-D, E-P-E, N-D-E-N-T

It was a jam at the center, and the party was shakin'
And the poppers was poppin', and the breakers was breakin'
And it won't be long till everybody know that
B-Boys rock the document, do it

Yo, yo, you on the injured, I'm hot to death
I'm foul, plus I'm winnin', you think I shot the ref?
Rock a vest if you out of turn speakin'
'Cause I'm right there like nightmares
I catch MC's while they sleepin'

I'm back, these rap cats is wildin'
Got 'em in the studio poppin' Valiums, remasterin' they album
I'm about to re-up and restructure the case
You stuck, you about to get rearranged and replaced

I got plans for this rap game
Put your head in the toilet and look son
If you think my shit done changed
My shit is, out of your range, rip you out of your frame

Cop your tape, and the next day, copped an exchange
If you ain't, rockin' raw, what you rockin' for?
Without heat, y'all M C's, ain't hot no more
So for you lame cats tryin' to put your hit out
Try rockin' back and forth it might be easier to get your shit out!

It was a jam at the center and the party was shakin'
And the poppers was poppin', and the breakers was breakin'
And it won't be long till everybody know that
B-Boys rock the document, do it

I'm Jedi Master, Mase Windu, what you been through
Keep M C's heads wrapped like Erykah Ba-du
Hip-Hop's Cleon Jones, when Eon Jones
Wackest M C's, we pee on those

No need to impede The High and Mighty mystique
That shit would be as ignorant as Jimmy the Greek
Claimin' they Godzilla's when they really Godzooki
Got a mill' from Charlie Brown, when I kidnapped Snoopy

Eon, sale or performance, in any ordinance
Rhyme menace, that burst your verbal nuisance
In accordance, with all the laws from the cordless
Star buck coming through, leavin' any pimp whore less

Stereo stompin', defeatin' me is like
Latrell chokin' up John Thompson, Charles Bronson
Had a death wish for this next to left shit
Leavin' all these hot air MC's breathless

It was a jam at the center, and the party was shakin'
And the poppers was poppin', and the breakers was breakin'
And it won't be long till everybody know that
The B-boys rock the document and said B-Boys rock the document do it

B-boy, do-do-document
B-boy, document
B-boy, document
B-boy, do-do-document
B-boy, do-do-document