This motherfucker man! Just won't shut up will you?
Talking 'bout I owe him, bitch you owe me
I'm promoting you right now
Yo, let's put the nail in his coffin

I don't wanna be like this
I don't really wanna hurt no feelings
But I'm only being real when I say
Nobody wants to hear that grandfather rap
(Nope)

And old men have heart attacks
And I don't wanna be responsible for that, so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity

I would never claim to be no, Ray Benzino
An eighty-three year old fake Pacino
So how can he hold me over some balcony without
Blowing his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me?
(Ugh!)

Please don't, you'll probably fall with me
And our asses'll both be history
But then again you'd finally get your wish
'Cause you'll be all over the street like 50 Cent
(Ha ha ha)

Fuckin' punk pussy, fuck you chump
Give me a one on one, see if I don't fuck you up
Tryin' to jump the Ruff Ryderz and they cut you up
And you put Jada on a track, that's how much you suck, dick

In the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin'
You sit behind a fuckin' desk at The Source butt-kissin'
And beggin' motherfuckers for guest appearances
And you can't even get the clearances, 'cause real lyricists

Don't even respect you or take you serious
It's not that we don't like you we hate you period
Talk about a mid-life crisis, damn
Last week you was shaking Obie Trice's hand

Now he's a buster? What the fucks with that
Get on a track dissing us and kissin 50's ass
And asking me what I know about indictments, bite me
Bitch I got two cases, and probation, fight me!

What do I know about standing in front of a judge like a man
Ready to take whatever sentence he hands?
What you know about your wife slicing her wrists
Right in front of the only thing you have in this world?

A little girl and I put that on her, when this is all over
I would never try to make her a star and eat off her
I don't know shit about no shopping rocks
But what you know about hip hop shops rocking spots?

Were you the only white boy up in the bitch just rippin'?
Pressing up your own flyers and your stickers, stickin'
Them bitches up after spending six hours at Kinko's
Just making copies of your covers to cassette singles

To sell them out of the trunk of your Tracer
Spending your whole paychecks at Disk Makers
What you know about being bullied over half your life?
Oh that's right, you should know what that's like, you're half white
(Ha ha ha)

Vanilla Ice, spill the beans and rice
I'm eating you alive inside, Jesus Christ!
If you're that much of a gangsta, put the mic down
You should be out killin' motherfuckers right now!

Kill a motherfucker dead, kill 'em dead bitch!
Shoot 'em in the fuckin head, go ahead bitch!
Slap my mom, slap the fuck out of her!
She can't sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of ya

'Cause you're broke as fuck, you suck, you're a fuckin' joke
If you was really sellin' coke with, then what the fuck
You stop for dummy? If you slew some crack
You'd make a lot more money then you do from rap
(Ha ha ha)

You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous
You'll never know what it's like to be rich, life's a bitch ain't it?
Raymond? Here let me break the shit down in Laymen's
Terms for you, just to make sure that you can understand it

Since Canibus is using too many complicated fuckin words for you
Here let me slow it down for so you could understand if I say it slower
Let it go dogg, it's over

I don't wanna be like this
I don't really wanna hurt no feelings
But I'm only being real when I say
Nobody wants to hear that grandfather rap
(Uh, ugh)

And old men have heart attacks
And I don't wanna be responsible for that, so
Put the mic down and walk away
You can still have a little bit of dignity

Ha ha, talking 'bout, I have motherfuckers calling your crib
Bitch, you ain't even got a fuckin' crib!
You ain't even got a fucking phone, fucking bum
Threatenin' to shut me down at ya lil' fucking Source magazine
If I come back when did I attack you?

Bitch, you attacked me first take it like a man
And shut the fuck up, fuck your little magazine too
I don't need your little fucking magazine
I got XXL's number anyways

And y'all can't stand it 'cause they gettin' bigger than y'all
Oh, and by the way, how'd I look on the VMA's?
When you was watching me from whatever fuckin' TV

You was watching me from, from Boston
The mean streets of Boston, fuckin' sissy
And you got us scared up in that motherfucker?
Suck my motherfuckin' dick

Oh! And for those that don't know
Don't get it twisted y'all
The Source has a white owner!