Have you ever loved someone so much you give an arm for
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for
When they know they your heart
and you know you were they armor
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you
and everything you stand for turns on you, despite's you
What happens when you become the main source of a pain?
Daddy look what I made, dad's gotta go catch a plane
Daddy, where's mommy?
I can't find mommy, where is she?
I don't know, go play, Hailie baby your daddy's busy
Daddy's writing this song, the song ain't gon' right itself
I'll give you one on the -_UNDERDOG_-, and you've gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her
and put hands on a mother' who's a spittin' image of her
that Slim Shady, yeah baby Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a my baby
2x
And when I'm gone, just carry on
Don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that, I'm lookin' down on your smile and
and now?? can feel a thing
So baby don't feel no pain, just smile back

I keep havin' this dream
I'm pushing Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming, she don't want me to sing
You're makin' mommy cry
Why, why is mommy cryin'?
Baby daddy ain't leavin' no more
Daddy you're lying, you always say that
You always say this is the last time
But you ain't leavin' no more, daddy you're mine
She's piling boxes in front of the door tryin' to block it
Daddy please daddy don't leave, daddy no, stop it!
Goes in the pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
It's got a picture, this'll keep you safe daddy take it wit' ya
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These stinking walls must be talkin' 'cause man I can hear 'em
They're sayin' you got one more chance to do right, and it's to-night
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late
And just as I go to walk outta my bedroom door it turns to a stage
they're gone, and the spotlight is on, and I'm singing...

Sixty thousand people are jumpin' out they seat
The curtain closes, they're throwing roses at my feet
I take a bow, and thank you all for comin' out
They're screamin' so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seeing
Daddy, it's me! Help mommy?? bleedin'
But baby???, how did you get do Sweeden?
I followed you daddy
You told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me dad, and now you made mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says " Number 1 Dad"
That's all I wanted, I just wanna give you this coin
I get the point! Fine, me and mommy are going
But baby wait!
It's too late dad you made your choice
Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us
That's what they want, they want you Marshall
They keep, screamin' your name
It's no wonder you can't go to sleep, just take another Yeah, I bet ya you will
You rap about it, yeah word can keep it real
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be, that the curtain is closin' on me?
I turn around, find that underground bull
Put it to my brain, scream God???
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes
That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin'
There's birds screamin', it's spring and, Hailie's outside swingin'
I walked right up to Kim and kissed her, tell her I missed her
Hailie just smiles and winks at her little sister, almost as if the...