Somedays I just wanna up and call it quits
I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks
Everytime I go to get up I just fall in pits
My life's like one great big ball of shit!
If I could, just put it all into all I spit
Instead of always tryina swallow it
Instead of starin' at this wall and shit
While I sit writer's block, sick of all this shit
Can't, Call it Shit!
All I know is I'm about to hit the wall
If I ever have to see another one of Mom's alcaholic fits
This is it last straw
That's all, That's it
I ain't dealin' with another fuckin' politic
I'm like a skillet bubblin', until it filters up
I'm about to kill it, I can fill it buildin' up
Blow this buliding up, I've been sealed enough
My cup runith over I done filled it up
The pen explodes and bust, ink spills my guts!
You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts
Well. Imma show you what, You gon' feel my rush
If you don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch
Build the dutch, Im about to tear shit up
Goosebumps, Yea Imma make your hair sit up, Yea sit up
Imma tell you who I be, Imma make you hate me, Cuz you ain't me
You wait, it ain't too late for you to finally see
What you close-minded fucks were too blind to see
Whoever finds me is gonna get a finders fee
Out this world, ain't no one out they mind as me
You need piece of mind? Here's a piece of mine
All I need's a line, but Sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme
To express how I'm really feeling at that time, Yes
Sometimes, Sometimes, Sometimes
Its just sometimes is always me
How dark can these hallways be
The clock strikes midnight
1, 2, then half passed 3
This half-ass rhyme, with this half-ass piece of paper
I'm desperate at my desk
If I could just get the rest of this shit off my chest, Again
Stuck in this slump, Can't think of nothing
Fuck, I'm stumped, Oh Wait Here comes something, No!
Its not good enough, scribble it out
New pad, crinkle it up, and throw the shit out
I'm fizzling out, thought I figured it out
Balls in my court but I'm scared to dribble it out
I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? Why am I a slave
To this Trade? Sign not to spit to the grave
Real enough to rowl you up, Want me to flip it? I can rip it
any style you want. Imma switch hitter bitch Jimmy Smith aint a quitter
Imma sitter till I get enough finally hit a fucking boiling point
Put some oil in your joints, Flip the coin, Bitch come get destroyed
And MC's worst dream, I make them tensed, they hate me
See me and shake like a Chainlink fence
By the looks of em you would swear that Jaws was coming
By the screams of them you would swear Im sawin someone
By the way they runnin', you could swear that the law was coming
Its now or never, And tonight is all or nothing
Momma, Jimmy keeps leaving on us, He said he'd be back
He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest
I'll be back baby, I just gotta beat this clock
Fuck this clock! Imma make them Eat this watch
Don't believe me Watch! Imma win this race
And Imma come back and rub my shit on your face, Bitch!
I found my nitch, You gonna fear my voice
Till your SICK of it you ain't gonna have a choice
If I gotta scream till I have half a lung
If I have half a chance, I'll grab it, Rabbit Run!