Yeah look, if I were to rap about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
'Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
And my take on some other rappers

If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall
You'd probably crap in your pants
'Cause I'm white and he's white
So he's like my competition, I mean right?

Nope, Paul Wall is dope and so's Bubba
So, but, but, but, but I don't compete wit' nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope ollie shuffle
And dance around my opponents, do donuts

Sometimes I play possom, like I'm asleep, it's awesome
I'm like a sleepin' giant and when I awake, I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey
And sink my teeth in 'em and fill 'em, fulla poison
And make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em

And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em
And smack 'em with the backward E, the Eminem emblem
I was taught if you're gonna murder somebody you should face 'em
Tell 'em why, look 'em dead in the eye, then waste 'em

And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
And swallow the shallow, the hallow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willin' to sell their souls
For this rap game and it goes

1 2 3 check, check 1 2 3, check, check 1 2 3
That ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothin' else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror glows lips and it whispers, "Come nearer"

My darlin', I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

And I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

Shady, I know you're in there somewhere
Come here, talk too me, sit here, pull up a chair
Why don't you cut your hair? Ha ha ha ha ha
Dye it back, come on try it

Ahh, no, I told you leave me the fuck alone, will you?
But I'm here to rebuild you, but I already killed you
But Shady, we were meant for each other
Think about your mother, yeah, so what of her ?

Well, think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes, fuck you, motherfucker
I had you beat, no, I was playin' possom
Remember I let you watch your little girls blossom

I gave you enough time, your soul's mine
I'm takin' it back, you fuckin' bitch, why ?
Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster ? Ha ha ha

My darlin', I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

And I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

Shady listen
(Shady)
You hear that?
They screamin' for you, I can bring you career back
But I don't want it back, yes, you do, no, I don't
Yes, you do, you're gonna regret it later, no, I won't

I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor
Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday
Well, I got him on the phone right now
(Slim?)
You're lyin', yo, Slim, how ? Why now ?

What up Dre? Check this out, Slim, I gotta talk to you
I dunno, it just seems like ever since you got off your drugs
You became a lot softer
But Dre, all Shady is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka

Well, just think about Slim, I'm here
Just hit me back and let me know what's up, fuck this mirror, ah
I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you, let me guide you
Fuck you, die you son of a bitch, put the gun down, bye bye

Okay, I'm still alive, so am I too
You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to, ha ha
You sold your soul to me, need I remind you ?
You remember that night you prayed to God
You'd give anything to get a record deal, well, Dre signed you

This is what you wanted your whole life, Marshall, right boo?
Look at this house, look at these cars, I'm so nice, ooh
Oh but you didn't know fame has a price too?
That you're just now seeing the downside too

Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without night quill
Think of the Valium addicts, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle, Marshall? What?
No one's gonna love you like I do

My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

And I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body

I said, I don't want you to ever leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
'Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body