Roll-Out-My-Business-:Ludacris:20:2002-02-02

Ludacris
Word Of Mouf
Roll Out (My Business)
Thanks to [email protected] for correcting these lyrics.

Roll out!

[repeat 6x]
Roll out! Roll out! Roll out! Roll out!

[Chorus - roll out! in background]
I got my twin glock .40s, cocked back
Me and my homies, so drop that
We rollin on twenties, with the top back
So much money, you can't stop that
Twin glock .40s, cocked back
Me and my homies, so drop that
We rollin on twenties, with the top back
So much money, you can't stop that

Now where'd you get that platinum chain with them diamonds in it?
Where'd you get that matchin Benz with them windows tinted?
Who them girls you be with when you be ridin through?
Man I ain't got nothin to prove, I paid my dues
Breakin the rules, I shake fools while I'm takin a cruuuuuise!
Tell me who's your weed man, how do you smoke so good?
You's a superstar boy, why you still up in the hood?
What in the world is in that BAG, what you got in that BAG?
A couple a cans a whoop ass, you did a good ass job of just eyein me, spyin me

[Chorus]

Man, that car don't come out until next year, where in the fuck did you get it?
That's eighty-thousand bucks GONE, where in the fuck did you spend it?
You must have eyes on your back, 'cause you got money to the ceiling
And the bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin
The better I'm feelin, the more that I'm chillin
Winnin, adrenaline and killin the feelin
Now who's that bucked-naked cook fixin three-course meals?
Gettin goosebumps when her body tap the six inch heels
What in the world is in that ROOM, what you got in that ROOM?
A couple a gats, a couple a knives, a couple of rats, a couple of wives
Now it's time to choose

[Chorus]

Are you custom-made, custom-paid, or you just custom-fitted?
Playstation 2 up in the ride and is that Lorenzo-kitted?
Is that your wife, your girlfriend or just your main bitch?
You take a pick, while I'm rubbin the hips, touchin lips to the top of the dick
Now tell me who's your housekeeper and what you keep in your house?
What about diamonds and gold, is that what you keep in your mouth?
What in the world is in that CASE, what you got in that CASE?
Get up out my face, you couldn't relate, wait to take place at a similar pace
So shake, shake it

[(Chorus) 1/2x]

Get out my business, my biznass
Stay the fuck up out my biznass, ah
'Cause these niggas all up in my shit and it's my business,
my biznass
Stay the fuck up out my biznass, 'cause it's mine, oh mine
My business, my biznass
Stay the fuck up out my biznass
'Cause these niggas all up in my shit.....[fade]