Oh-F-k-Yeah-Bud:B-Rich
So it's me and fuckin' buddy, right
doin' 'er up on a friday night.
Like no big deal, just a couple of pops,
A half pack of bud, couple of shots.
Like, might as well make a night of 'er right (yah)
'caus I don't drink much, but I do drink a lot (uh huh)
like, i'll have four, five, six, ten fuckin' beers 'fore I catch a buzz (fuck bud)
Most guys'd be frigged right up,
but i'd kill a two-four by six'o'clock.
I gotta two-six stacked in the back of the truck,
and I pretty much don't give a half a fuck.
(heh heh heh heh)
Like friggin wah, while i'm hackin' a dart while i'm gassin' up.
Might just roll right past the club,
but not right fast, just fast enough.

Just fast enough, bud. Just fast enough. (fuck yah)
Just fast enough. (uh huh) Not right fast, just fast enough.
Just fast enough, bud. (Oh there y'ar) Just fast enough.
Just fast enough, not right fast, just fast enough.

[Can I get an 'oh fuck yeah bud' 
from the back to the front
Oh fuck yeah bud, oh fuck yeah.] Chorus 4x.

Header into town, 
leaned right back, 
slowed right down.
Call that 'turkey low', 
is that fast enough? Just ask around. (oh fuck yeah)
Get the windows up, 
rolled up rims, timmy ho's cups.
Just swimming in cigarette butts,
fuckin' live it up bud, just kickin' up dust.

Seen buddy on the road, 
finger wave, get nice and slow.
Stop for a bit, fuckin' shoot the shit 
like, "sup bud, how she goin'?" (good'n you?)
Fuck, got an extra dart? (yup)
Fuckin' late for work, fuckin' truck won't start,
out of smokes, (shit)
beer store's closed. (fuck)
Fuck bud, that's how she goes

Friggin life's a bitch,
most guys get pissed, I get right pissed.
Like, just keep givin'er shit,
till you've pretty much got no shits to give.
Like, friggin wah, 
fucked right up, backin' up the truck.
Might just roll right past the dump,
but not right fast, just fast enough.

Just fast enough, bud. Just fast enough. (fuck yah)
Just fast enough. (uh huh) Not right fast, just fast enough.
Just fast enough, bud. (Oh there y'ar) Just fast enough.
Just fast enough, not right fast, just fast enough.

[Can I get an 'oh fuck yeah bud', 
from the back to the front.
Oh fuck yeah bud, oh fuck yeah.] Chorus 4x.