Hangovers-with-You-feat-The-Dirty-Heads-:Big B
One little, two little, three margaritas. Four little, five little, six I wanna see ya. I'm feelin bad, it's the worst I've had, my hangovers with you, my hangovers with you. But it's not so bad, best night we've ever had. My hangovers with you.

Keepin up with me shot for shot, gettin caught naked makin love in the parkin lot. Beach cruisers to cruise the boulevard. Wakin up in the morning, another maxed out credit card. Knowing I will never forget you. I can't remember much, but who needs to? I got these memories in a tattoo, and I don't regret none of it. Have fun with it, pour another shot, let's see how drunk we get.

One little, two little, three margaritas. Four little, five little, six I wanna see ya. I'm feelin bad, best night we've ever had. And the pleasure's worth all the pain, cause the pain it goes away, it goes away. My hangovers with you.

Well we were wasted, blacked out, lying on the ground shitfaced. And I can't remember last night at all but I can taste it. Me and you laughin out louder than the bass is. Two shots of whiskey with a chaser. The morning's almost here, I need a beer so I can face it. Once the sun comes up we off to the races. Time spent with you, girl, is never time wasted. Life's a vacation, strait Chevy Chasin

One little, two little, three margaritas. Four little, five little, six I wanna see ya. I'm feelin bad, it's the worst I've had, my hangovers with you, my hangovers with you. But it's not so bad, best night we've ever had. And the pleasure's worth all the pain, cause the pain it goes away, it goes away. My hangovers with you.

Headache, bodyache, stomach turning. I guess that's what they mean when they say you gotta earn it. Bloody Mary, Sex on the Beach, no cherry. Whiskey on the rocks, dirty heads on the jukebox.

One little, two little, three margaritas. Four little, five little, six margaritas. One little, two little, three margaritas. Four little, five little, six, hangovers with you.

One little, two little, three margaritas. Four little, five little, six I wanna see ya. I'm feelin bad, it's the worst I've had, my hangovers with you, my hangovers with you. Cause it's not so bad, best night we've ever had. And the pleasure's worth all the pain, cause the pain it goes away, it goes away. My hangovers. The pleasure's worth all the pain, cause the pain it's all the same, it's all the same. My hangovers with you.