Somebody-Farted-:Bobby Jimmy & The Critters
Bobby Jimmy & The Critters
Miscellaneous
Somebody Farted!
CHORUS: Somebody farted! Uh-oh-a-oh, uh-oh-a-oh, somebody farted!

1: Somebody farted, standin' at the Welfare line! Not sure whose behind- it wasn't mine! Like the Red Sea, the line just parted, 'cuz some nasty sucker KNEW he just had farted!

The dance floor's jumpin',& the place is packed! Somebody ripped one off- everybody moved back! People pointin' fingers- grabbed my girl & we departed, 'cuz some nasty sucker on the FLOOR just farted!
             (CHORUS)

2: It's a crowded elevator, want to get off fast! Bing-bang-boom, sounds like machine gun blast! People started screamin'- now, everybody pause. Whoever passed that off, betta check them dirty drawers!

Went to see the Hammer, live onstage! Above the bass, a fart sounded like a 12 Gauge! The fart was bad, singed my girlfriend's big weave. I grabbed her by the hair, said, "Girl, we gots-ta leave!"
              (CHORUS)

3: At the dinner table, won't believe what's happ'nin'! Somebody passed off a wet booty a-slappin'! The food was bad, & the fart made no improvement. Told the waiter to check himself fo' a bowel movement!

We're cruisin' in my car, down the street. My girl, she says, "Excuse me." & she farted TO THE BEAT! I couldn't believe it- my girl is too sweet! She did it again- ripped a hole in my seat!

2ND CHORUS: My girlie farted! Uh-oh-a-oh, uh-oh-a-oh, my girlie farted!

SPOKEN: Hey baby, what's wrong wit'choo? You been fartin' 'round town all this time, you didn't tell me about it! You better check your panties...you ain't wearin' no panties? Well then, check ya pants! I'm gonna tell ya somethin'...that last one was real wet...yes, it was!That's OK, whatcha have for dinner last night? -Red beans, huh? Yeah, that's what ya had, red beans! You red bean-eatin', fartin' woman...I tell ya- get out my car, get out my car right now! Whatcha mean, you stuck to the seat? Aw, man, you disgusting slob! Somebody help me out here!
-OK, now that you're out, reach 'round withcer right hand, & pull them pants outcha rear! Oh, man look whatcha did to my seat! These were brand new sheepskins! You shouldn'ta FARTED like dat! (Fade OUT)