Who-Shot-Tall:Buddy
Yeah, yo
Back in high school I used to catch the train home
Lookin' out the window pane, as it's getting rained on
Listenin' to the beats that's in my headphones
Plugged in to my cell-phone
Tryin' to keep my brain strong
Almost falling asleep, my head drops, nearly missing my stop
But I get up, I get out, started takin' a walk
Saw the cop
Shoulda' bought a ticket, but I did not
Now here's the plot
Trynna' see which fence that I should hop
My feet plop on the pavement
Got away with a lot, they can't phase him
Rollin' up on my pops, stuck in a daze, steady countin' my paper
Got paid, 'round the time I started stretchin' my gauges
I was off to the races
Can't tell nobody how much you got when you gettin' paper
These niggas' always watchin' and grabbin' they calculator
I do not have no time for this, dawg, I'mma see ya' later
Homie, I don't wanna' build with ya'
Hell nah, talkin' 'bout how you a real nigga'
Yeah right, yeah boy, I hear ya' talkin', but I don't trust
Yeah them boys they be jockin', but they ain't us (ain't us)

Three young men were found shot to death in a Compton park last night and the deputies are looking for the killer. CBS News Cara ... is live with details on the triple murder. Cara...

How many niggas' gon' die before the summer's up?
How many real ones alive?" Let's go on and count it up
What they had to do to survive?
Man, you don't wanna know
One thing that you can't deny, the summer's coming
How many niggas' gon' die before the summer's up?
"How many real ones alive? Let's go on and count it up
What they had to do to survive?
Man, you don't wanna know
One thing that you can't deny, the summer's coming

Yo
Sittin' on the couch
Chillin' at the house
Mama said, don't go outside, but I still try
Homies out, hoopin' in the street
I just wanna ball
Had her eyes on me like a hawk, 'til she got a call
Mama, I left somethin' in the car, I won't go too far
Dawg, I'm just trynna get involved
Yo, wassup wit' ya'll
Now we all playin' 21
Trynna' have fun
"Who is that?"
Over at the corner
Damn, he got a gun
"Who Shot 2 tall", "Who Shot 2 Tall"
These are the things that could fuck up my mood ya'll
These niggas' ain't got nothin' to do
But take the life of a man, from a whole other crew
It's like
Niggas' always gettin' murdered over nothin', I swear
You're my brother, you're my blood, you're my cousin, I swear
Anytime I got your back, it's no discussion, I swear
Let me know if we gon' turn this into somethin', I'm there

How many niggas' gon' die before the summer's up?
How many real ones alive? Let's go on and count it up
What they had to do to survive?
Man, you don't wanna know
One thing that you can't deny, the summer's coming
How many niggas' gon' die before the summer's up?
How many real ones alive? Let's go on and count it up
What they had to do to survive?
Man, you don't wanna know
One thing that you can't deny, the summer's coming