Ostrich-Boots:Chingo Bling
(Chorus)
Ostrich Boots, with the pimped out Nike swoosh
Got no green card, but I go hard (Dale la madre, Chingo!)
Tamales stashed in my tank of gas
I got that work my birdies chirp...

So fresh so clean, like A Kumbia King
But that's alright, my diamonds is chine
Got everything in my rooster's name
Don't speak english,
"What did he said?"

(Verse)
Had you ever seen a Mexican platinum grill?
Tengo ostrich boots, worth half a mill
Almost bought a cowboy hat, but all they had was black
Then I saw a silk chirt with the virgien on da back
With the Rustler blue jeans, Jordache sweater
Diamonds, platinum, ostrich leather
Your roosters tough but mines is better
That's Cleto daddy, he's fly in any weather

Peanut Butter leather, with the Jiff on the inside
R.I.P. Selena, DJ Screw in the same ride
White girls stare every time I pass by
Im Chingo Bling bitch, and you know that im so fly

Sigele chingando, y te parto lo hosico
Tiene beef with chingo?
Ay pobresito,
I don't give a chit about none of you dudes
Last year was gator, now it's avestrus

(Chorus)
Ostrich Boots, with the pimped out Nike swoosh
(Con el Nike Swoosh.)
Got no green card, but I go hard
(Chingo goes hard.)
Tamales stashed in my tank of gas
(What, what, what? In the tank of gas?)
I got that work, my birdies chirp... 
(What work? What work?)

So fresh so clean, like A Kumbia King
(Like a Kumbia King)
But that's alright, my diamonds is chine 
(My diamonds chine)
Got everything in my rooster's name
(In Cleto's name)
Don't speak english,
(What?)
"What did he said?"

(Verse)
Lookin at the map, I got sluts in Guam,
Your baby mom chowed her thong on chingobling.com
You's a little bitch boy, in the honda civic
86 Regal, puto. Get with it.

Comin through yo hood on 10 inch 4's
Chingo bling's comin, down I might po a fo
Youve heard the radio bitch, you know who I am
While you buyin out the bar, Im buyin raspa stands

And I slang tamales, ceviches, elotes
Payed my dues came up with coyotes
Take a slow sip, served through popotes
And J. Lopez takes rides in my moped
Dudes runnin' up with they breath on fire
Get away, April fools, you damn Fourth Of July-er
Man, I put you on the street team to pass out flyers
Then I jack you're car with a pair of plyers

(Chorus)
Ostrich Boots, with the pimped out Nike swoosh
Got no green card, but I go hard 
(Chingo goes hard)
Tamales stashed in my tank of gas
(What? Twenty dollars a dozen.)
I got that work my birdies chirp...
(Fly, so fly)

So fresh so clean, like A Kumbia King
But that's alright, my diamonds is chine 
(Que paso, Guey?)
Got everything in my rooster's name
(Everything, in Cleto's name.)
Don't speak english
(What?)
"What did he said?"

(Verse)
Good morning, America
This is Chingo Bling...

I just want talk to all you jealous haters,
You little putitos out there that get mad to me (Putos)
Because I got a lot a things that you don't have (Alot of things...)
Because I got a gucci camper, guys get mad (Gucci Camper)

Alot a haters get mad cause I know what J.Lo smells like (Jennifer Lopez?)
Under that dress...
Ay manosa
Hmmm, J.Lo, so good...

Don't forget you guys better look out for "Manosas the White Gold Edition, Spring Break"
(Manosas, the white gold?)

"Manosas the Platinum Edition Spring Break" (Manosas in Platinum?)

Manosas in boy's town, putos (Boy's town?)
We doin' it over here, I don't know about you guys, but we are.

(Verse)
Ostrich Boots, O-O-Ostrich Boots, O-O-O-Ostrich Boots,
Chingo got what, Chingo got what, Chingo got what?
He Has Ostrich Boots (Gucci Camper)
Chingo got what, Chingo got a what?
What, Chingo got a what? (He got a Gucci Camper)

Ostrich Boots, Air Force One's, with the Ostrich boots, Ostrich Boots
Nike Swoosh on my Ostrich Boots
Platinum Swoosh on my Ostrich Boots
Platinum Swoosh, Plat-Plat-Platinum Swoosh,
(Ostrich, patinum swoosh)
(What, Juares? What Juares?)
Another Ostrich had to die for me to look fly (Ostrich, O-O-Ostrich...)
Another Ostrich had to die for me to look fly (Numba One, Stunna, Pimp)