Get-It-Right-Or-Be-Gone:Chuck D
[Verse 1]
Get it right, or be gone
Way back, just a man, nineteen sixties
New York City I ain't dizzy, that's half-past fifty
Willie Mays the airwaves, to right from wrong (Uhh!)
(Get it right or be gone!)
Warnin' track to Johnny, no cash off the bench
Man in black, you heard who had the damn nerve
To dead the -N- word
Brought to you by hot, disturbed, you think not?
(Get it right or be gone!)
Run on third, dancin' like some jackal-robbing son
Stealin' homes, invadin' domes, married to the job
Job go, you no mo! Get it?
(Get it right or be gone!)
Here's a blooper, ratchet ruler's think they're super
If they can call you anything, and they could do anything
Mimickin' ways, gimmick kings
Callin' yourself anything
(Get it right or be gone!)
? because it was so sloppy what I do for hip-hop
B, let's see, cosigned by the Grandmaster Flash
Afrika Bambaataa, Kool Herc
DJ Hollywood, I'm good
(Get it right or be gone!)
Save a hundred-forty miles per hour struck out to slave
Harriet would of freed more slaves if they only knew they were slaves
Hip-hop I gave, free the damn airwaves!
(Get it right or be gone!)

[Verse 2]
And the first place disgracin' the hip-hop birth place
No debate, disrespect to self-hate
From them, genicide to juice huddles
Damn the damn hustle!
(Get it right or be gone!)
Rain out, crime puddles, part time coach
Designated spitter, eight-million hip-hop stories on you splitters
Devide the conquerors, flood the drunkard
(Get it right or be gone!)
Wild pitch, voice like bricks
No studio tricks, 1986 draft pick
You know the damn name, shock lock it to the hall of fame
(Get it right or be gone!)
Ain't no friendly game, next time stay out of the line of fire
Sit yourself in a corner, keep your ass quiet
Hey, I ain't wanna get nobody fired now
(Get it right or be gone!)
?, this ain't no self-destruction
We ain't in the same game, I'm pointin' my finger at you
The problem is you, shuttin' you down because you tear us down
(Get it right or be gone!)
Extra innings spinning since the beginning
Hip-hop been in New York forty years, who the hell think they be winning?
When we all hearin' no balance in the air
Get it right or be gone!
A song is more than a record, check it
A movement is bigger than a song, check
A mindset is even greater than a movement, keep it movin'
Get it right or be gone!
A no-hitter over nine, strived to be civilized
Excel in mental over physical, styles of those guy
Rapper does good, they hardly pay him any mind
Every step if trouble is a cultural landmine
So this black snowball rolls up with the flow
I put the thermostat, turned the heat up, lock all the windows
Ain't gotta use no big words y'all ain't never heard
(Get it right or be gone!)
Still intellectual instead of anti-lectual
Dumbed down and young down, like I don't know a festival
Epitome of five-thousand shows, ? culturalists
What y'all seeing is a traveling human-being
Ground grew, rapper in trouble
Sorry Busta, love you but everything is not a hustle
Rapper does good, press says nothin'
Y'all better tell these kids somethin'
Get it right or be gone!

[Outro]
(Uhh!)
Get it right, get it right
Get it right, or be gone!
(Uhh!)
Yo, take it how you want it
Take it how you want it
Be gone!

USA'ers are crippled by the lack of history of geographic knowledge, sometimes not even visiting other states, thus not knowing the Earth equals slavery. I suggest that the many artists, that they aggressively spread their art to the Earth instead of sitting around wishing a corp makes them a star