Come-and-Take-a-Ride:CJ Mac
It's a mighty fine day, so I pulls out the trey
Needs my shit guts so I call Dante
Trims gotee and gets the hair cleaned
Hits the switch for a bitch then I sheen
Squeeze my nigga Mad and my cousin' OGP
And hoodsta Poppa LQ cuz that's a nigga's crew, so
Slide like we always do
Breaking laws down the shaw like a hoodsta suppose to
C-sawin', we ballin', four pagers and a phone, cuz we got some fleas callin'
We're lookin far from rich
So a loc spittin' nothin but game when I come up on a bitch
Now I remember when these hoes used to look at G's funny
Now they all up on low tryna be a G's honey
Now ain't this a bitch
We steady fucking wit hoes and steady dippin' the street

(Come and take a ride...) With the M-A-C
(Bumpin' hoodsta shit...) With Mista M-A-D
(Slidin' down the shaw...) With D and Poppa LQ
And when the westside ride nigga what you gon' do?

I'm gon' creep down florence on extra tilt
You fuck around and try to clown and get yo Lexus pilt
Mad's beats is the fattest
Gold D's on they tightest hittin' so many niggas up we catchin' arthritis
Bag full a dank and a strap
Sucked in the stash just in case I gotta snap
But it's kinda unlikely I trip
I'm under less pressure since we come up on the grip
I'm hittin' switches in the black toy
Four gates in the trunk and a bag full of selenoids
I'm tryna make the tramp flip
We steady fuckin' wit hoes and like I said, we dippin' the street

(Come and take a ride...) So you can see how a G shake fiends in a 63
(Slidin' down the shaw...) Now watch em' C-saw down the shaw tryna ditch the law
(Come and take a ride...) Come and feel the wind blow, the indo
(Slidin' down the shaw...) Front and back side to side in my ride and mothafuck the law

Now you can go to any ghetto and find some thugs
But in California folks, we got these Crips and Bloods
And it makes me wanna reminisce to way back when
Before eleven year olds got a hold of Mac-10's
I'm talkin' bout the days we used to blaze
And bump to Frankie Beverly and Maze, and Marvin Gaye's
Damn, these streets ain't what it used to be
We used to squabble for our set, but now they shoot ya, G

(Come and take a ride...) With the M-A-C
(Bumpin' hoodsta shit...) With Mista M-A-D
(Slidin' down the shaw...) With D and Poppa LQ
And when the westside ride nigga what you gon' do?

Well I'ma keep the roller coaster down the strip on three wheel motion
As we let the booty drag in the classic rag while
The hundred spokes spin, we dizzy off Gin
The beat is past ten and our grills have grins
Plus we got the females on the cellular telly
And they tellin' me that it's on if we bring some drink and k-y jelly
(Housin' the scene) Housin' the scene
The usual routine, we got our self-esteem and we back up on things
They used to shake me like shake and bake before my tape dropped
And told me: "Ni-nigga please, you work for Rap-A-Lot"
But now I'm big grippin' and flippin' the script
So won't you buckle up your seatbelt and enjoy the trip

(Come and take a ride...) So you can see how a G shake fiends in a 63
(Slidin' down the shaw...) Now watch em' C-saw down the shaw tryna ditch the law
(Come and take a ride...) Come and feel the wind blow, the indo
(Slidin' down the shaw...) Front and back side to side in my ride and mothafuck the law

(Come and take a ride...) So you can see how a G shake fiends in a 63
(Slidin' down the shaw...) Now watch em' C-saw down the shaw tryna ditch the law
(Come and take a ride...) Come and feel the wind blow, the indo
(Slidin' down the shaw...) Front and back side to side in my ride and mothafuck the law