Long-time:Craig G
I couldn't believe it was her, it was like a dream, but there she was, just like I remembered her

[Oh, such a long time]
Yea, I mean I am what I am man, you know
? but you know why? cause I love this shit man, I watched every ?, know what I mean? I seen it grow from listening to ? jams, ? all the way to super stardom, you know?
For y'all don't know, let me, let me explain ?
[Verse 1]
OK, set up the speakers plug that ? in the lightbulb
Woke off the booth for the fellows that had the tight flow
I was 9 years old, that means that the controller
MC had over the crowd by making music (Oh!)
The fantastic five and the cold crush they battle
And if they heard that tape then trust me, you really had to
Play it for any and everybody from the boombox
They huddle around your GVC like its a do-op
? took our busy (beat?) on a ?
That tape was equivalent to a loaded phantom and
He really earth-slammed him that ? was completely dope
Before some ? routine from some TV show, man

[Hook][x2]
Oh, such a long time
Took a long time
Such a long long time

[Verse 2]
They ? , illustrating
When I heard them first two words I was like OK then
Vocabulary really about to take control out
And if you read a lot, you'd be comfortable with your pronouns
(Feelings?) foretold me that there were problems in the world
Boogey boys ? to me what was a fly girl (fly girl)
When I heard that jam called "suck it MCs"
The first thing I noticed was that boom-bap beat
And one looked like my brother, DMC like my cousin
No costume at all man, none of that gear custom
Represented my taste ? still get paid
? still a hundred thousand looking like they never ? and they bodied it

[Hook][x2]

[Verse 3]
And then we hit the 90s when Nas dropped Illmatic
That west coast chronic, Dre and snoop were hard at it
Ready to die and 36 chambers
Onyx was screaming back the fuck up to strangers
OC was telling ? times limited
P rock and CL smooth dropped the join that was gimick-less
Brand new biggie was telling people slow down
Naughty by nature, Mobb Deep ? dirty, out of town
A tribe called quest, they were the mid night ?
Stepped into the arena, GangStarr loved to slaughter
The licks were in LA, cracking champagne bottles
Now its a digital underground sound that's full throttle

[Hook][x2]