A-Day-In-The-Life:Diabolic
( Verse 1)

Check the method and please let the record reflect
I brought it back back to the essence the second we met
Yo bartender Hennesy and 10 of of these Beck's beers
For every head here that'll steadily rep (Yeah)
Let's pose to a toast to what we'll never regret (Cheers)
Here's to you never pressing eject
You know the pedigree yes, the impression we lefts
The depth of craters from atomic weaponry tests
In the desert so expect it from the records we press
Behead snakes who take credit like identity theft
YA GETTING ME VEXED!! So, to keep ya memory fresh
I'm mentally stressed and testing me the pentaly's death
A Devil's reject. Wishing my enemys flesh would get leprosy
Yet i'm still heavenly blessed to be the best
You'll ever see (NO) I'll never be less
Than fire on stage no pyrotechnic special effects
Smoked with Bob Marley's ghost getting respect
Shot the sheriff put two in the deputy's chest
(YES YES YALL) You don't know the pleasure we get
It's too much to measure like the US Treasury Debt
Specialty Chef recipes with chemistry sets
Selling Celebrities meth if I ain't getting these checks
On the crime scene I allegdly crept dressed
Like Ron Jeremy filming 70's sex..

(Hook)

A Day in the life
No it ain't nothing nice..
So I came to give you something real
SOMETHING REAL!
Staying true to myself
Fuck everybody else..
Yo I really don't care you feel
HOW YOU FEEL!!

(Verse 2)

Relaxed in the cut, drinking Jack in a cup
Freedom fighter chill with Muslims in the back of the bus Screaming "A salam alaikum" In the Vatican much
Obliged to cum inside Mary Magdalene's guts
Rappers come up, like.. "Why you such an arrogant fuck??"
Cause y'all are strapped to a harness that's attached to my nuts
Y'all faggots are just.. Stuck up dicks, like catheters. Plus
Dudes are wack..I heard ya newest track and it sucks!!
Now We're scratching the surface,NAAAHHH!!
We're cracking the Crust
Like asteroids 'till volcanic magma erupts
I've been traveling the planet, I've been stacking up some bucks
So every dude in town snoops around like Daz and Kurupt (enough) you're about to see my atoms combust
Like stars We're born in carbon form from magical dust
(Y'all are antimatter) meaning.. you don't matter to us
Rebel Armz in formation We're attacking at dusk
Tactical rush in battle that will shatter and crush Masonic Monuments then build statues of Us
In place to represent some real cats ya can trust
Cracking a dutch with a mothafucking animal tusk

(Hook)

A Day in the life
No it ain't nothing nice..
So I came to give you something real
SOMETHING REAL!
Staying true to myself
Fuck everybody else..
Yo I really don't care you feel
HOW YOU FEEL!!