H-O-V-A:DJ Envy
Yo, uh, dim the lights and the studio shades, yeah
Skane Dollar, The People's Choice, let's get this one, DJ Envy
Yeah, Envy, yeah, yeah, Roc's in the building, oh, yeah
New JayZ, it's Young, c'mon

That sound like some superhero music right there, okay
Sound like my theme song right there
Desert Storm Mix tape, Volume 1, I like this one
I can groove to this one; Skane Dollar where we at? Clue
Desert Storm, yeah, let's get it, what?

Watch on arm, rims on tire
Hov' in the studio, the roof's on fire, yeah
S. Carter kicks on my feet, woo
Roc A Wear on my leg, Envy on the beat

I made my first mill' off papi on the hill
I made in the rap game speakin' on the reels, that's real
I'm bling 'cuz I passed the statute of limitation
And I'm makin' too much money to be goin' to jail, hell, nah

Who else you know on probation
Leave the country for a month to go on vacation?
Listeners, get your brain on drugs
Listen up, it's the flawless like dust

Heron hero, do any thing for Dinero
Like Joe Pesci, Hov' is so deadly
In the middle of the ocean, racin' on jet skits, pyoom
Get your mind right or get it on your left sleeve, envy

S.C., JayZ, either or Young Hova, Big Homie, read 'em off
Daddy is home, are scared, yup
Way before I put the key in the door
Ain't no other kings in this rap game, you kiddin'?
Nuttin' but my children, one shot, they disappearin'
I'm on a whole 'nother level
I don't take your Jacob watch, I just screw off the bezel

Young, Young's in the building! Desert Storm
It's the Roc! DJ Envy, this is what we do about this time of year
Blok Party, Desert Storm mixtape, yeah Volume 1
Sho' nuff! Gangsta, c'mon

Rapper, slash, murderer, slash
Punk, I will your
Gangster somebody soon to be dad
'Blueprint 2' homie, junior is mad

Mad 'cuz his new son sound a little better
Knock a little harder, show the growth in his father
Similar in robberies, damn you gotta love it
All that spells in the air in better music for the public

You gotta love it, Young
Desert Storm, it's the Roc! It's what we do, beotch
Fat shout, whole Roc A Fella, Dame Dash
I'm with 'em, Big Topper, JayZ
Skaneo, it's five in the mornin', let's get out of here, let's burn
Desert Storm, Epic!  Switch it up