Questions-Answers:El Da Sensei
Aight little man, let me tell you 'bout the days
When your favorite MC's had no major airplay (What?)
No video, car, crib or large deals (Huh?)
Only a single got you city-wide appeal (Damn!)
Showin your skill upon the mic, originality was key
And the law was not to bite in the highest degree (I hear that)
Plus you had to battle cats for respect
(Like Moe Dee, Busy Bee, MC Shan and KRS?)
Yeah kid, it goes deeper but you get the picture
You had to have lyrics and plus hot beats to get the mixture
As always you had to have the ill DJ
Technician with precision, switch the fader all day
A must to have these additives to smash and battle kids
(Well yo, that's like today's cats?) Nah, that's a negative
Today's MC's don't possess these qualities
So I put you to the test on this musical quest

What's the question?

What made the music change through the time?

What's the answer?
They started gettin paid to rhyme

What's the question?

What happened to the culture as a whole?

What's the answer?
Too many MC's sold their soul

What's the question?

What happened to the MC's from the past?

What's the answer?
Not enough fans and no cash

What's the question?

How do we get it back like before?

What's the answer?
More skills and niggas gotta be raw

What's the question?

How so many groups fall apart?

What's the answer?
They in it but it's not from the heart

Look at the records in this store, know the faces and the names
All the places that they come from and staked it as their claim
Acclaimed writers like Kane, G Rap, Doug and the Biz
DJ's like Cool V, Mister Cee in the mix
(Yo, I heard this one kid who made beats and rhymed correct)
You must be talkin 'bout this man here, his name is Lord Finesse
(It was another cat too, yo this nigga beats was hot
He was down with CL Smooth) The Soul Brother Pete Rock
Plenty others I could name but the most by far
These pioneers most revered, group named Gang Starr
Put it down through the years, most respected by the peers
For Primo's hot beats, Guru's voice so clear
(Yeah, I know about them, "Hard to Earn" one of the best
What about the Cella Dwellas, Special Ed, and Das EFX?)
Ah shit, you got some history, you're buildin on your lessons
When you see me next time be refined for your confession

Yo, I'ma cop this, word up

Yeah, yo do that, you do that

I heard this on "Future Flavas" the other night

Okay, okay

I'ma get two of them

What's the question?

How long can it last like this?

What's the answer?
When all MC's are gone and they're missed

What's the question?

What happened to the sound of the East?

What's the answer?
Niggas went south to tryin to eat

What's the question?

When the niggas gonna dig back in the crates?

What's the answer?
When certain niggas stop tryin to hate

What's the question?

When will all the bullshit stop?

What's the answer?
When your top MC's stop gettin dropped

What's the question?

What you say your name was again, kid?

Yo, El Da Sensei, man, Artifacts, man

Aight peace

Yeah, we comin from the Bricks

Hold up
"Wrong Side of da Tracks".

Yeah man

Yo, that's you on this cover!

...that's me

You didn't tell me you had joints out

I know, I'm doin work, I'm workin, yo

I knew you'd get that like that, yo

Always workin

Peace yo

No doubt
I check you on the re
One