Blind-Love:Emanon
Hey... you remember... euh... when... euh
Your were just a little kid in the summer
And the days are getting hot
And school was like ending
And this girl that you thought
Was cute was like bending your brain
Making your will say
Try to figure out
How to ask her out
See what love 's all about
But yo...
You couldn't do it cuz your boys would diss
So you like got cold feet instead of an oh sweet kiss
Spent the whole entire summer kicking yourself in the ass
Promises that you will never let the same thing pass
Twice...
Self promises are the hardest to keep
When the self-consciousness starts to creep
Butterflies up in his stomach
When it's time to speak
Can't even say a word or nothing, you're like feeling weak
And defeated at the game of love, a sore loser
When you chose her but she is not having it
So I'm like rapping away my pain
Try to find a piece of mind
Trapped inside of this love game
She said, "Oh, I love you so and I'm never gonna let you goooo."
This time I got to get this girl out of my mind
I'm love-sick
It's starting to spoil my sunshine
And I wish that I could just sit back and recline
But love make me blind, it's make my blind
During the summer I spend my time depressed
My friends try to get saddest off of my chest
They say: she look good, but she ain't fresh
Body maybe nice but her brain is a mess
Listen, she look good but she ain't all that
Her behind is fat but her mind is whack
Yo, I understood that, but love is even worse
When you got friends who joke and laugh 'til they burst
So I pursued a verse with a switch and a hop
Hoping I'm making the right choice
Voice my mind by like: yo, I want you
Girls never care about me: you want who?
Forget it...
I just having myself collect my wealth
And be content to stay by myself
Because follow this love game has me like going in circles
My big red heart is now purple
She said: oh our love is so, and I'm never gonna let you go...
This time I got to get this girl out of my mind
I'm love sick
It's starting to spoil my sunshine
I wish that I could just sit back and recline
But love's make me blind, it's make my blind
Yo I'm blind and I'm blind, blind, blind, blind(2x)
And I can not see in front of me...
Yo I'm blind and I'm blind, blind, blind, blind
Love sick
Yes I'm blind and I'm blind, blind, blind
Love sick
I can't see in front of me cuz she's blocking my view