No-Off-Ecko-Rappers-Cd:Five Deez
Five Deez
Miscellaneous
No. 2 Off Ecko Rappers 2 Cd
Whatchu ….want …is .. 
5 teams steams and g’s upon other things watch what these brothers bring might make your mother sing jumpin for joy missin the floor mak'in your ears sore 
1 + 4 is life we live long that’s 5 in numerical order they keep cumin up short a shorta breath only the strong survive 
 and then the weetake dogs I’m usin the eprineck capacity makin ya skinn break out hives inside me hittin walls exhilarated plus insistent paws I twist lives and fate is sliding when they think providein portions for all demanded the most impossible planned it 
 an utilized it we can tell by how open ya eyes get fat jawed shaft oh Madonna might superfly shit I’m in cos I don’t give a what you say with this dj I’ll let the beat play you know were gonna wuwuwrawa 
 cos bass is on a beat rox doin it doin it doin it doin it (1 2 4) 
lesley go with jess and then e-s two one less I must confess I used to have the hardest time dealing with stress and then I learned to speak what my sayin sais and make e’m stress (I’m nasty with it…) like a ses impress an excess in express 
 tryin used to question me, but gave it a rest with triangles on their ass, brothers came to veagass 
HOW WE DOO THIS 
why your jams is grooveless we the sweetest makes-a-shocker kinda rufess, 
truthness mc’s want us to cease their countlers 
were freekin accountants 
queens, princesses and the dutches 
i'm looking for the stage these kids looking for cruthches soon as my hands touch the mike they’ll be like 
“Wo Fuck this” 
No butts this piss-their-j-rolls up in Coloumbian 
Whats this? 
Mc’s to have a massive abloodshed sloopy and sloppery weapons in a popperleague cautious 
watchin you play yourself makes me nautious 
so as soon as I give mc’s a sin of to create and be creative but as soon as they blow up they get deflated with a quickness, its not a job it’s a sickness the way we deal with this microphone business put the jam on yo man just like who is this? 
“It’s the Dee…” 
put your hands in the air please be doin this… 
 nobody can ruin this, picture tainer perfection, knowin trajection officer and his rackin colour code-a ledgened is loaded with tones of ‘urve’ how like must on a bird dis-parta than tryin to bowatch-me… 
 runner obsessions 
 answer to all questions 
MASSIVE 
 shuttin down ya system like depression 
TRASSHIN 
 cutting up sounds in your direction my passhin master o, hip, hop profession stepping on mc’s toes leavin em foes given em wowe’s on my selection call it a blessing 
 BLAZIN 
two for the smoking section 
 five-a-broken possetion cures for your affection 
five deez love connection. Gonna make ya feel alriiiite… 
just clap ya hands to the beat braaa and mou u u ve ya body all nite its like that baby a say a-don’t stop yall ai say waa say wa doin just do it its like ra wa ha ra ha ra ha and just clap ya hands to the beat braa its like…. 
(Mindless mumble)