Cover-and-Duck-feat-Styles-of-Beyond-:Fort Minor
Gentlemen and ladies
Please put down your expensive champange
It's about to get ugly in here
Let's go! (Set it off motherfuckers!)
My name is Mike Shinoda
And with some help
From my man Celph Titled (You goddamned right!)
I would like to introduce to you from Styles of Beyond: Takbir!

Yo, I'm here, put a sock in your mouth, you now rockin' with Styles
That's how we knockin 'em down, no other option around
Cause I'm just cockin' a plow, me and my popular pals
Don't make me hop in the crowd, stop joking about
We taking over and stomping all of your sports spiders
Cover and duck, a machine straight out of Fort Minor
Roll with a pack of fifty so when they get they shifty
I put a stamp on it and slap 'em with a flask of whiskey
You got your hopes a blazin', buzzin' with no sedation
I got a (gun cocks) and a party cap for both occasions
With something terrible seeping into your stadium
Never perform solo, I'm freakin' sick in the cranium
Packin' a man, yeah, the ruler gets back
Quick to crackin' ya shins with aluminum bats
Got the place going bananas and they pumpin they fists
I'm telling my grim in Los Angeles to jump in the pit
What the fuck are you doing, man? You spilled my Cristal all over me

So buff, so rugged, so rough
Like a runaway train we're tearing the track up
We're at it again, we're ready to act up
So cover and duck, show us you're rocking with us
Let's see a fist if you're rocking with this
Let me see your fist if you're rocking with this

From the start 'til the end, night until the dawn
It's that fight music cause right when it comes on
You just lose control of your elbows and fists
Fuckin' other disregard for your body in the pit
People are swinging limbs, swinging bottles and chairs
Throwin' lime, backin' motherfuckers up in the air
So back up, we got you wearing that Fight Club glare
Steady, tearing down the club cause you just don't care
It's the realest way to feel it when the speakers pop poppin'
You with it if you get it when that beat starts knockin'
And we kill it when get up on that mic, start rockin'
And you feel it when you hear it cause we're on nonstoppin'
So ask a buddy or a friend if they know, no
We do it daily, never maybe, every show, show
Ya'll want to get down? I'm ready to roll
Right now, y'all ready? let's get it, let's go!

So buff, so rugged, so rough
Like a runaway train we're tearing the track up
We're at it again, we're ready to act up
So cover and duck, show us you're rocking with us
Let's see a fist if you're rocking with this
Let me see your fist if you're rocking with this
Let's see a fist if you're rocking with this
Let me see your fist if you're rocking with this

Ryu!

Yo, so now they notice me rockin' over Shinoda beats
Makin' a crack like the extract in cocoa leaves
Hopefully labels love it, if not then fuck 'em
I'm cutting to break cables, ain't stoppin' at nothing
My hype is coming, murder for the price of a muffin
You think twice with a steak knife stuck in your stomach
I'm like "Who ever wanted whistle? I'll let you bring a pistol"
I'll put a verse on both wings like a stinger missile
Provoking people to bring it, I keep the weapons stable
I'll blow a fucking hole through like a western bagel
Yeah, I talk tough and I rap ignorant too
Sick of me kicking knowledge, getting crap on my shoes
I'm off my rocker, a psycho stalker
The girl called me David Beckem, she thought I was going to sock her
Nah, I'm the one to get it crackin', the plan works
Before I rock a show you gotta fax in the fans first
Ready? Let's go!

So buff, so rugged, so rough
Like a runaway train we're tearing the track up
We're at it again, we're ready to act up
So cover and duck, show us you're rocking with us
Let's see a fist if you're rocking with this
Let me see your fist if you're rocking with this
Let's see a fist if you're rocking with this
Let me see your fist if you're rocking with this

Come on, Celph Titled!

If it ain't raw, it ain't right, so get it right
We at it again, now to act up and start a fight
So cover and duck cause we runnin' a muck
No, cover and duck cause we about to erupt
Throw your motherfuckin' hands to the sky, sky
And make a fist if you want to get live, live
Throw your motherfuckin' hands to the sky, sky
And make a fist if you want to get live, live

Come on y'all! Yeah!
You like that shit?

We had to get real Godzilla on 'em this time
Talkin' Ryu, S.O.B., Celph Titled
M. Shinoda the Cobra Holder, Demigodz
That's how my crew do, shut the fuck up when Fort Minor's talking!