Me-and-My-Man-instrumental-:Frank N Dank
INSTRUMENTAL
Me and My DrankLil WayneThe track features Supreme Williams, aka Short Dawg, aka Elvis Freshley, a member of Young Money since 2009. As a member of Cash Money Williams has done ghost-writing for artists on the label and dro…

I'm in the lab no pad no pen just a styrofoam cup so I can pour 4 in

Up in the studio me and my drank
Deezle on the beat and let me do my thing
Thinking 'bout a certain... certain somebody
That perfect somebody sexy purple body
She got service road curves and highway eyes
The road to her soul, just follow the road signs
And holla if you hear me I love it when she near me
I hate when she away and satan see the day
That hell freezes over before I let her go
And let one of you bitch niggas get her no no no
You don't know how to treat her
You don't know that I need her
Hey... do you know that I need ya
Cause baby right now
I'm feelin like the whole world is against me
Ever since the death of Pimp C
But me I'm up in the studio me and my drank
Me and my drank me and my drank
I'm up in the studio me and my drank, me and my drank, me and my drank
You sit on 24's I sip on 24's, you sit on 24's I sip on 24's
Drop a 4 on a 20 ounce, and call it 24's
Drop a 4 on a 20 ounce and call it 24's
I'm riding out leaning never nodding out
My girl trippin' damn I gotta hear my momma mouth
My home boys say I should slow down a little
But this shit that I'm on make me slow down a lot
You bottle pop, I buy a bottle pop
Drop some syrup in it, get on my waffle house
I live in Wayne's world, represent our south
And this is how we do it, do it in our south
One more ounce will make me feel so great
Wait... now I can't feel my face
Um up in the studio me and my drank, me and my drank, me and my drank
Up in the studio me and my drank, me and my drank, me and my drank
Will somebody please please double cup me
And everybody please please don't judge me
Will somebody please please double cup me
And everybody please please don't judge me

Up in the studio me and my drank
Me and my drank, me me and my drank
Uh uh Up in the studio me and my drank
Me and my drank, me me and my drank

Now far all y'all who ain't heard of him
Mr. M.O.E. the barr baby
Was a southside living legend of 3rd ward
Bone hard, street veteran
And it all started in 93'
Highschool he was a fool he was only 18
With the dreams of becoming a ghetto superstar
Rollin in foreign cars through the streets of 3rd ward
It was all momma leave em with a trace of Mo E
And promethazine and he a codeine fiend
And his team was the coldest everyday they rolled thick
Niggas and hoes on dick cuz that's that screwed up clique
The barr baby, barr baby, barr baby
Yea I sip that Big Mo, I drink that Pimp c
Rest in peace Big Mo, rest in peace Pimp C
I sip that Big Mo, I drink that pimp c
Rest in peace Big Mo, rest in peace Pimp C
And fuck what they say
Mr.DJ Screw I'mma do this for you

Yea... Uhuh... Yea
I usually don't do this but...
Ahem...
Yea T you gotta feel me
Sippin on some drink the color purple like Celie
Really they say I should chill before it kills me
But so will a car crash or a nine milli (that's true)
And I ain't even mention cigarettes or airplanes
So grab a sprite heres a pint we can share Wayne
Yea Mayne... tastes so sweet and I ain't gonna have a seat
Cuz I don't wanna fall asleep
So just pour it in my drink and I'mma sip till I lean hard
Drink got me moving slower than a retard
So press record and hear these hot raps
I'm in the booth cup on me like a jock-strap
And I will not nap until the bottles empty
Then I pour a little more for Pat Screw and Pimp C
And I would stop but believe it I can't
So till Short is gone it's just me and my drink

Up in the studio me and my drink, me and my drink, me and my drink
Me and my drink
Up in the studio someone pour another 4
OOo... hoooaaa
Yea...
I told a bitch one more ounce will make me feel so great
Wait... now I can't feel my face
Will somebody please please double cup me
And tell the world please please don't judge me
Will somebody please please double cup me
And everybody please please don't judge me
You sit on 24's... we sip on 24's
You sit on 24's... we we we
Drop a 4 in the 20 ounce and call it 24's
Drop a 4 in the 20 ounce and call it 24's
I'm in the lab no pad no pen just a styrofoam cup so I can pour 4 in