Letter-to-TINA:Fuse ODG
TINA-NA-NA-NA eh, A TINA TINA TINA-NA-NA-NA eh TINA-NA-NA-NA eh, A TINA TINA TINA

When it pours, it rains.
Makes me appreciate you through the storms, the pain.
How could I ever hate you, I closed the door in your face.
To myself I couldn't stay true, now I'm no more ashamed.

So TINA let me love you once more.
TINA let me love you once more TINA let me love you yeah

I'm like TINA TINA TINA.
Baby let me hold you cause my love is getting deeper.
Tired of the way they portray you in the media,
So I'm trying to bring change in the way that they see ya.
Mother who gave birth to the children of Africa.
Now were grown making moves on our own,
Need to let the world know that your home is a healer.
It's like were fighting the media,
They show us the wrong vibe I've been reading up.
I'm trying to show a different side to what they're feeding us.
Time to regurgitate the lies we've been eating up.

I know I chose this life,
I know I'm just a vessel like Joseph's wife.
It may not be merry but we know we'll be alright.
And some days seeming scary but were holding on tight.
And this roads getting cold on this mission of life,
My dreams getting bolder as I visualize.
I saw Africa rose from through the vision of Christ.
To follow me on this road and connect to my vibe,
I'm just playing my role in this mission of life.
that's why I had to go and just rate us were at it.
I saw so many goals in the children's eye,
But all they wanna show is the children crying.

When it pours, it rains.
Makes me appreciate you through the storms, the pain.
How could I ever hate you, I closed the door in your face.
To myself I couldn't stay true, now I'm no more ashamed.

So TINA let me love you once more.
TINA let me love you once more TINA let me love you yeah

(TINA-NA-NA-NA eh)

I don't just make music just to make music,
I'm making music to change lives,
I'm making music because I'm proud to be African.
I'm making music because I want to change the perception of Africa.
When I was young, when I was younger...
The perception of Africa was kids with flies around their mouth's and hunger and poverty and stuff like that.
But were grown now, were successful men, were doing our thing.
And its important that if the media don't show that, we show that as African men.
So as Fuse ODG I don't just want to make music just for myself,
I want to make music to change lives and to change the continent.

(TINA-NA-NA-NA eh )