Rise:Heavyweight Dub Champion
Time for that heat again
Switchin up the speed again
Kris takes the lead again
Knowledge Rein Supreme again
Heavyweight Dub Champion, they drop the beat again,
Never wait, or show hate, that's what I'm teachin em,
Truth and knowledge through the microphone I'm speaking in,
Staying stronger, lasting longer, others be weakening,
This is not a club, this a temple that I'm preachin' in,
You are not a thug, you've just been hurt by them streets again,
There now there now, nothin to fear now, believe again,
This is the truth, I got proof: TVs deceivin them!
Never you dare to compare, me to them, we even then
Me? I help you see again, speak again, and seek again.
The teacher will speak again, but can you comprehend?
If I told you there's really no beginning and no end!
You don't want to hear that when you're young,
You wanna hear about that when your young
you wanna hear about them gats and them guns
cause you never had one
When the drama comes, your crew look at 'em run
But we stand firm Stero-Lion KRS ONE
Where my soldiers at
"We all here!" All clear
Using music as that interdimensional warfare
Aw yeah aw yeah, now here's what's happenin
Prepare for the coming of the last champion
And it's a champion nation!
And it's a champion nation!
And it's a champion nation!
And it's a champion nation!

By the power of the champion, the winner, and still champion:
A real coalition of soldiers emerges from the mountain,
Then embodies the great voice surroundin' the opposition
Initiating the transformation,
shall be the chosen one according to ancient translation
In the days of darkness
the militant messiah leads intelligent movement
to raise the consciousness higher
From the Like Minds find a million undiscovered gems
Champion Nation let the revolution begin
In the temple seek victory over the streets
studied the H-Law and the DOP's 1 thru 18
Refinitions self expression in manifestation
Speak for the MASS on behalf of preservation
Urban Inspirational Metaphysical Specialist
The best at this bringin forth a new testament
Peace and much Love to this existence
So there it is Liberation to those who bare witness.
And it's a champion nation!
And it's a champion nation!
And it's a champion nation!
And it's a champion nation!

The last champions,
Army of the Chosen...
We are one.?????