Praise-Due:J-Treds
[J-Treds]
Check check, one two
They ain't ready for this
One two, it's J-Treds
Make way, cause here I come
to set it - I come, to set it
All crab rappers
need to take heed
This is lesson one, it's how I get down

Aiyyo I be the underweight, in letter tenth aisle, comin through
You runnin eighth? More beef ends now like W
Throw your towel in, back down, looks like it's over
Pull your squad of foot soldiers, cause I'm Colin Powell and
to your section never half-steppin, who's fuckin with us?
Try not usin what's next, then you'll catch wreck
Cause I'm, sick with mine, when I kick this rhyme
Bust it off, cause in my right thumb, never nickel nine
I spit slugs poetic, each one gets love
Cause I be, droppin shit not just, anyone thinks of
It's un-common art, for keep it real kids screamin
"I want art, but I'm avant garde"
Pioneering, while crumbs are rockin their riot gear and
frontin tough tryin to scheme us - kid, why you starin?
Do I know you?! I doubt it, so your face, about it
and take two, steps off me and praise due

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
I'm here to make crews, hear this, and stay true
Cause I'm, a breakthrough - so praise due
Crabs who ain't cool, who front, on J's dues
1- get played the fool, so praise due
2- get played the fool praise due

[J-Treds]
Now that you've heard me, you struck gold, I'm precious
Fuck what the rest is they ass out, that's why they butt's cold
Kinda chilly while, I stay hot, so that, whatever I drop
You feel me, like Tomax and Zabots
See my flow's, kinda like, G.I. Joe
See I know it's fabulous, don't attempt to battle
It's the war I'm gonna win, cause my flow's so strong
So chew on that suckers, cause it's one to grow on
I serve food for thought, main dish, I'm the best
When you taste it *MUAH* my compliments to the chef
Yes y'all, come and get it, that flavor you're missin
Take a bite, give me some credit, or I'll sue for plagiarism
So respect mine, or it won't be, any next time
I'll make you sorry that you fucked with this, like a sex crime
Cause my words are punishing, prepare for the sentence
25 to life, mandatory attendance
In my shadow you're suspended, trapped and cage
If I let you off, break fast, the pen stays
Consider youself lucky, that's what friends say
Cause I leave more heads touched son, than Ash Wednesday

[Chorus] - 1/2

{*scratched: "Take these words home and think it through" - Mobb Deep*}
{*scratch: "All praises due"*}

[J-Treds]
My competition is tremblin in fear, cause they know
that their ending is near, and since they can't flow
I ain't tryin to hear 'em - they don't move me
But when I drop heads lend me they ear, like Vincent Van Gogh
And I spit it somethin marvelous, quite exquisite
Nice, isn't it? What I recite is tight knitted
I got it sewn, patchwork, never backwards
'Bout to rip you rap cats so, any last words?
Didn't think so~! Cause how I freak this, leaves 'em speechless
My joint is grade A, chartin, on the dean's list
Found in victory kid, I'm a smart aleck
Think of me, as the one, with remarkable talent
who gets pretty fresh, is he the best? Who gets the busiest?
Is it J-Treds? Yes, is he blessed? I confirm it
Without a doubt, you'll soon learn it
That J-Treds, is in the house, like a hermit

[Chorus]

[Outro]
That's right praise due
It's J-Treds on the M-I
Holdin it down
Praise due, Com, shalom
Indelibles, praise due
Co Flow, Juggaknots, TMS my fam praise due
New cats, we won't make the same moves
That's how we get down
And y'all ain't ready for this {*2X*}
It's J-Treds

{*scratched to end: "All praises due"*}