The-Choice-Is-Yours:KJ-52
Hello how ya doing? can we keep it moving?
it's the kj-52 along with the john reuben
and we steady cooling mic checking one two and
the choice is yours now cause this is what we
doing
you can get with this cause this for us is life
but if you get with this understand this is
christ otherwise you other guys get with that
mr.john reuben can you tell me where the parties
at?
Allright thanks my friend from the sons of "in"
we move to the rythm without wondering
yahweh comes first all is under him
take a dope emcee and then double him
and you got two, ok that's me and you
mr.john ru with the kj-52
doing what it takes to light up the ear hole
a lot of energy absolutely no soul.
You can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with this cause this is what it is
We got phat beats but what the fact's be
is that without christ then the track be empty
so understand simply that we ain't just emcee's
we simply just state that "christ has changed me"
look at us strangely yo it's all the same b
we don't care now peep the message we send thee
so real swiftly when the enemy tempts me
i'm like "do da dippity' c'mon...
i'm going this and that i write that and this
but if that's not life well then it must be
dismissed
no time for negative got to be positive
clear and sincere i think we state the obvious or
is it?
cause i found this to be true
so many times i do what i hate to do
brought back to the fact i'm in need of you
but then again what else is really new?
You can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with this cause this is what it is
Engine engine number 9
party peoples feeling fine
if your life goes off the track
pick it up pick it up pick it up!
ya back on the scene crispy and clean
you can get with that plus the gat and cream
or you can get with this and let christ reign
supreme
but now the choice is still yours can you see
what i mean?
you see we seek like in abundance
all right yahweh came through and then gave me
substance
overflowing we let it spill on the mic
embrace the truth and then we keep it focused
right
despite obstacles can't let it sway me
even though at times my vision get hazy
i say we stay on the path that leads to life
no matter how narrow we can't lose sight.
You can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with that or you can get with this
you can get with this cause this is what it is