Half-Naked-Almost-Famous:MGK
Uh, waiter bring another round please.
Bring that mother fucker back.
A couple more, they like it all please.
Cause y'all know how to act.
And I don't give a fuck, can I live?
Cause we be doin' too much shit,
Just a couple of kids from eastside of the 2-1-6
Bummin' a dollar and a dream real shit
Every day I wake up, higher than the night before
Blackin' out every night on tour
5 a.m we jump into the pool in our drawers
'Til the cops come. Run, run, fuck the law.
And I was born to be wild,
Sex, rock and roll and weed piles
Runnin' from the oldest seniles.
Follow in my steps, then you walkin' a green mile
Trees in my pockets like my denims a greenhouse.
Lead my team town?
Tell me what's my age again?
How many hours 'til I rage again?
This is the story of a young boy and the page we in
Say that he off chasin' fame again,
And there he goes... almost... famous bitch.

The bittersweet between my teeth
Tryin' to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually
Yeeaahhhhhh.

Uh, half naked and almost famous.
Wild nights and all those places.
I be, half naked and almost famous.
And when I get up I ain't changin',
Tell the world lace up.
Kells

Yea, come rage with the Machine bitch.
E.S.T the team bitch.
Never got a college degree,
Too busy raisin' hell like it was friday the 13th bitch.
Fuck clothes and fuck hoes
Hundred dollars worth of munchies, truckloads.
Eighty-nine cent slushy in the cuphold,
Don't know where I'm goin', but we gone... what's home?
Maybe I'll just mapquest my dream,
And it'll say the address was me.
So what I really wanted all alongs been camouflaged by deed?
I'm not a pro, I just dogged the lead?
California dreams,
Where we sittin up under the Cleveland weather and
Wishin' for heat, I guess I need to see the leather man?
Uh, I just wanna be young forever man
Roll the peter pan, light it up and let's Neverland.
Mother fucker I'm gone.

The bittersweet between my teeth
Tryin' to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually
Yeeaahhhhhh.

Uh, half naked and almost famous
(The bittersweet between my teeth)
Wild nights and all those places
(Tryin' to find the in-betweens)
I be, half naked and almost famous, famous.
(Fall back in love eventually)
And when I get out, I ain't changin' tell the world lace up.
Kells.