Real-Mind-of-Mysonne:Mysonne
Real Mind of Mysonne
Mysonne
Ft: Hopsin
Share 16, 687 views

Since you confused let me break down a real nigga
Listen: There's a difference from my house and the field, nigga
A real nigga? Don't conceal how he feel nigga
A real nigga might destroy to rebuild, nigga

Us real niggas, we been mis-represented by
Ignorant, low life clowns just getting high
Just sittin' by with they pants saggin' spittin' lies
It's sad - The kids is the ones that's victimized

See in the eyes of a man that's blind we like crime
But you don't understand the grind
You don't understand when a man planning to fly
Get locked down cause his man told the damned-est lies

Now his family cryin' and he jammed inside
6 by 12, for 7 damn Julys
When you survive that, it enhance your pride
You can overcome Hell, and they can't deny

Now you back up in the streets, confused and mortified
Moral's is nothing, the dudes that glorified
Fabricate the truth — same dudes you saw inside
Rattin' and Snitchin' — the image is all a lie

Now, you go and try to find you a job
But they ain't lookin' for a brother wit' a criminal charge
Now you sittin' in the room arguin' wit' your broad
She telling you (Go and get a job!) You try to tell her (It's hard!)

So she tell you (You don't raise the money here by tomorrow?
I'm sorry, you gon' have to go live wit'cha Ma)
But your Mom's got 6 people up in her house, 2 Beds
Nigga's barely got room on the couch

So whatchu gon' do? (go to mommy?)
Squeak like a mouse, or
Be a Man, hit the streets and go and figure it out

See a real nigga about havin' problems and solvin'
Not waitin' around, hopin' and starving

You find a way to get your own fucking apartment
Makin' somethin' from nothin' - that's fucking evolving!
When you go up in the projects, the stuff you involved in
Drugs, poverty, emotional hardships

You just tryin' to get out of this fuckin' environment
You grindin', you ain't sittin' around shuckin' and jivin'
You fight or be prey, to the hoodlums and tyrants
Kill or be killed, so you forced into violence

Of course - you define this as being a Neanderthal
I call it survival of the fittest - I'm a man at war
Sometimes you can't walk away, shit you can't ignore
Somtimes war is necessary, stand or fall!

My real nigga talk seems bogus?
A real nigga ain't gotta say that he real as long as he knows it
If he know the other rapper's deceive the kid's is like
Soil when you plantin' the seeds

And he knows what cats hear, and the raps they believe
Then you gotta tell 'em who a real nigga actually be
Now, actually see - we fightin' for the same cause
I say the same thing about them stupid lame whores

I hate the game, but I know it ain't gon' change cause
It's makin' so much money, it's gon' make more
We on different elevators but the same floor
Only way to change this shit is to wage war!

So i'mma just keep fightin' the fight
Write truth, bringin' lyin' ass rappers to light
Only a few of us left that have the insight
So all of us Autobots Unite - Fuck hip-hop!

Fuck hip-hop!

I love hip-hop!

But fuck hip-hop

But I love hip-hop