You-Better-Not-Waste-My-Time-radio-version-:N-Dubz
Na Na Naii
Oh na na oh na na
Yeah yeah yeah
N-dubz N-dubz N-dubz

Its like first things first,
You'd probably think I'm a chap with good manners,
Well, your wrong, I'm the scum of the earth.
I'm the worst of the worst and I aint boastin' about my s,
I'm speakin' 'bout the way I run around snatchin' purses.
For every meaning theres a purpose, just because I never went to school it don't mean that I can't be perfect.
For screamin' out loud,
We's addicted to money like two fingers tapping on wherever there's a vein,
And believe me, yeah were proud, coz life is getting sicker by the day and therefore we'll always stick around.
So now you see the size of me, you wouldn't think I'm any harm init?
Think again I'll take your wallet nicely,
Chat-up your wife to be, middle class daddy's girl, I think I need to get me one
And your one looks just right for me
So come on you wanna fight with me?
Might as well be polite to me,
Unless you wanna deal with 15 ruffed up
Been through too much breddars that will ride for me,
Sit you down and remove all of your designer garments off you silently,
So i suggest go somewhere else and try to impress,
Coz deep beneath the depths you aint never gettin' respect.
I mean, last night I had a dream that I was rich as hell,
But the sick thing was, I was acting like a bitch as well.
Isn't it funny how money can make a lot of people change?
You think you're my friend? Blud, I'm tellin' you you aint.

You better not waste my time
I've got better things on my mind
I need to leave jerks like you behind
Coz all you ever do is just bring me down
So would you let me be?
Or I'll make you disappear
When you hear the word money thats the only time you ever interfere
I thought that you was there (nah nah)
But I guess I'm wrong, why would you care? (yeah yeah)

I remember once upon a time,
When I was just 13,
So innocent and giving,
Everyone would act like they love me,
Then all the bitchin' and rumours began,
Seemed like I didnt have any friends,
So much hate, lies and deceit,
Caused by all that jealousy.
Now do you bitches really think that I'm the same girl I used to be?
Do you really think I will back down from you hoes if you try to bring it to me?
Now I know your hating,
Coz your man keeps watching,
But I dont even want him,
So tell him stop clocking,
The more you hate I get closer to my goal,
Youll wake up with nothing at 20 years old.

You better not waste my time
I've got better things on my mind
I need to leave jerks like you behind
Coz all you ever do is just bring me down
So would you let me be?
Or I'll make you disappear
When you hear the word money thats the only time you ever interfere
I thought that you was there (nah nah)
But I guess I'm wrong, why would you care? (yeah yeah)

I remember them days when I didnt have no rhymes,
Practicing my in the class til it was home-time,
I never used to pay attention in school,
Was playing penny up the wall or in detention with fools,
Thats why most the teachers used to doubt me,
They used to say I wouldnt make in my music just to see me get rowdy,
So I could switch in the classroom
For an excuse to kick me out,
Then wonder why Im bunking all my lessons in the bathroom,
Now I'm starving hungry working hard, for this super stardom life,
Been kinda hard for me to try and make it right,
And its hard to decide, whether I should leave behind all my peeps in this life,
To move forward and seek what I find.
This life is lethal.
Like a crack baby being born addicted to the needle,
So much evil in people.
Dappy said it first so I guess that im the sequel,
So just because I'm black it dont mean that I can't be equal.
For screaming out louder,
Were addicted to mics like two nostrils sniffing up wherever theres some powder,
And believe me yeah were prouder,
Coz lifes been sick from day and therefore only gonna get harder,
I love my Nike airs but now I'm moving on to Gucci and Prada,
Used to looking rugged but the tucks looks smarter,
And no you dont know me, and no you aint my co-d,
So theres nothing on these streets that you could ever try and show me

You better not waste my time
I've got better things on my mind
I need to leave jerks like you behind
Coz all you ever do is just bring me down
So would you let me be?
Or I'll make you disappear
When you hear the word money thats the only time you ever interfere
I thought that you was there (nah nah)
But I guess I'm wrong, why would you care? (yeah yeah)

Its N-dubz N-dubz what?
Its N-dubz N-dubz
Two thousand and sexy
Haha!
No time for wastin'
This ones for all them backstabbers
Who weren't around when we had nothing
But always seem to interfere when they hear the word money
Money? What? You wanna fiver?
Get the hell outta here son!
Fuck off!
Get out!
Hahahaha!
Yeah yeah
D A P's to the Y
Tulisa and Faze
Jack shack, fat jack
The whole gang
Maiz, three ash, three C, 3D
J-B's J-B's yeah
One, uh
We out
Haha