Rollin-Up-ft-Gangrene:Oh No
Yeah, let me take y’all for a ride,

Hap in this bitch, let’s go, let’s go!

Pulled your hair come now,
I told you ain’t come out,
I told you ain’t come out,
I told your.. come now.

I’m tired of this lane mass hoes and lane mass bitches,
I’m back to my west coast, and on to the riches,
the road, the vicious circle act the chock, the sickness,
the mads, the time father won’t stop for the living,
the bread in the bridges, but broken every building,
seeing the home miss chillin, and the hopeless dinners,
back to the whole world for the life,
and everybody’s pitchin,
’cause life of bitches you die,so why I reach up in,
god dope, but still broke, just another week and I’ma still smoke
if you all ain’t rich Nicki you poe, that’s what pops colder to me,
so I took it the gold, no matter how much money you never clean to soul,
when you know that I held tight, in the hell of sight,
my mama named the last mike, ’cause I was guide like,
always had the insight, I take that flight,
if anybody got rolls who make that right.

I told you, everywhere I’m at,
face it, face it up,
I told you, everywhere I go,
bangin and turn it up.
I told you here or not,
I told you here come now,
I told your..

Check it!
I’m rollin’ up, the weed is broken up,
I start to spit Lamborghini angie soapin up,
bring..my stuck, how you was going up,
you just a doubt on the screen, not even showing up,
on the scan, suckers only do what they can,
so when the shit it’s the fan, then they start chocking up,
then they get on the stand and start to sing like a tool can,
get back in the street, in the street soak em up,
it’s just another problem solved,
he jumped out the window, while just watch them fall,
anything my fault ’cause it ain’t my call,
these give me third degrees and try to break my balls,
but I won’t fall ’cause I was raised to a bay to call,
and stay low, my low low scrape the road
I’m in the mob like a fool clip ready to low,
I go off to walk like a bomb, set you were slow.

I told you, everywhere I’m at,
face it, face it up,
I told you, everywhere I go,
bangin and turn it up.
I told you here or not,
I told you here come now,
I told your..