My-Machine:Princess Superstar
If you had a machine
That could make you into anything you wanted to be
Like anything, what would you be? Let's see

I want to be the queen, no
I want to be 19
Wait no, I wanna be that horrible thing
I saw last night in my dream

Oh I know, I want to be a supermodel
She's European a lean sex fiend
Oh thank god
I can finally fit in those dumb jeans

Poof, then it was me, I was her
I waited for something fabulous to occur
Something marvelous and absurd
I waited there was nothing but I was something

Gorgeous crazy wealth
And I could always reach the top of the supermarket shelf
All of a sudden I was no longer the model or myself
I must have thought about being a stupid box of cereal
Up on that stupid shelf

Boring, wondered whether I would wait forever
I guess I was a brand that wasn't adequately advertised
On TV ever, but it got better

Apparently a parent and a child threw me in a cart
It was hard, I was smothered covered by a world of pop tarts
And a part of the newspaper that scared me
I think it was the pop charts
And I wish I was a cereal that, that wasn't so smart

Do you want to step inside my machine?
We all got home and they put me in the fridge
Damn, why didn't they keep their cereal out
So I could at least see where they lived

But I could hear them and it seemed like they were happy
When the kid wasn't napping she was always laughing
I felt jumpy my bran was crackling

I was grabbed along with the milk put in a bowl
It was dark, a black hole, must have been the kid's mouth
I don't know and in I went
Down the throat past the tongue by her heart by her lungs
And I could see she might be dying young

So I tried to patch it up with an old piece of gum that was there
But the damage was done, disease had won, it wasn't fair
But I wasn't gonna be the one that lost her
I wasn't a doctor
And i wasn't a name on the list of somebody's roster
Why bother?

And by that time I was already out the other end in the toilet with milk
You know my old friend from the fridge, from way back when and then
We got sucked down into the pipes, what a crappy life
Machine that's really not right

Do you want to step inside my machine?
I can't stand it, I said machine why are we here?
And it paused and said, 'To play video games and drink beer'
That's weird

You're subversive, I thought we had a deeper purpose
Underneath the surface, why do so many of us feel worthless?
The machine said, "Don't ask me, ask your magazines
People and teen and loads of shit people don't need"

I started to bleed and said,
Just make me into Band-aid, the size of a giant pancake
Wrap me around the whole world to heal the heartache
And if anyone's hungry well, they could just eat me
Or I'll be a peace treaty and no one could ever defeat me

It said, "Chill out girl, remember being on the shelf
I seem to remember you kind of just wanted to be yourself"
No, I wanted someone to pick me, to love me, to be the greatest brand"
I don't understand, I was just trying to comprehend, man

Oh, you wanted the grand scheme the big plan
The answer aha well here it is
And then it turned off and that was it because you see the machine
Never really did exist do you want to step inside my machine?
Would you be a doctor, would you be a rocker?

Would you be a parka keeping someone warm in a lock up?
Would you be a marker that signed the constitution?
Would you start a revolution or just play some pro soccer?
How about a stalker

If you were a father would you be good at all
Or would you even bother?
Be a beautiful girl or someone that could call her
Would you be a good talker, stealth bomber

What about Osama, just to see what it feels like
'Cause we all love to live in drama
Be a big movie star, fancy ass houses big car
Doing lots of drugs, fucking up an break laws
Be a fat man plumbers, butt hanging out the drawers

Would you fight for a cause, chew on people like jaws?
Instigate wars push the button, would you be something?
Or middle class average with okay marriage
1.3 baby carriage, 2 cars garage

Would you be president, would you be American?
Would you be, be better than everyone else as a representative
Would you be a monkey, would you feel lucky
Would you be a big dick, always fucking

Would you be a pumpkin
Would it be your brain inside a vegetable
Or would you feel nothing
Would you manage or would you suffer
Would you be a lover

Be a fighter or would you just be alright
Could you just be alright and if all this could come true?
Would you be ready?
Would I be ready if I was you?