Every-Damn-Day:PSD
Yeah, wassup baby boy? (Hey wassup)
I wanna propose a toast to my motherfuckin'
partner Mac L-E-E ya know?
Eh! Smoke something nigga!
Ahhh, oooiiiee, it's goin down boy
1996 ya dome will grow
Every damn day I smoke dank
But still I got things on my mind I can't shake
And damn I can't wait for a lightweight breakthrough
Grand-mama told me that money don't make you!
But if your ass broke, you do't eat motherfucker!
So I hit the streets in the game as a youngster
Only sixteen on the block selling candy
Now my family, can't understand me
Juvenile delinquent, force to describe
Smokin' on 'indo twisted with Thai
Had to stay high, in order to cope:
The more money mode, the more dank smoked
Living loc', selling dope, never broke
So I tweaked lightweight life
Hangin' out late night, under the street light
Doing tight wandering then I'm gone
Was always right, and always wrong
But player it was on!
It was that or double edged trumps under my tongue
White bitch, tight shit, ain't no wonder they sprung
Young player on the G-block competing with these street geeks
One and of a kind, Im not one to starve
On the phone call a moon yo, eight one yola.
Some rare raps and I'm strapped, lean crossed
with cola
Doja joint on my left, hollowed-points in my clip;
For the set-trip I dip, a soldiers point is his grip!
Every damn day I smoke dank
But still I got things on my mind I can't shake
And damn I can't wait for a lightweight breakthrough
Grand-mama told me that money don't make you!
Another day another dollar to be checked, right?
I'm on the ave trying to get my game tight
Head lights hit the corner!
And I'm on a fifth of that gin, strapped with my Mac-Ten
Thirty-one reasons, a hater better think first!
If it's funk, I'm letting off a quick burst!
Kinda purp', but never too purp' though:
It's ya chance, three deep in a four door
Celebrities wish they catching me out of pocket
And if they stop: I'm jetting like a rocket!
A young hog on the track when I'm derpin'
Perking like Folgers, and I'm serving boulders
Getting each and every sale:
Hella fools got Llallo but I clientele!
So as I kick back, on the dope track
And let my mills stack forever...
See what they better do is let that residue stick
That Westside hoo-bang and we too thick!
And we move shit around and go
If you ain't from the town, you're foe
Holding your wound, my 5-0 in your tomb
As I zoom down the g-block and dope fiends
Not concered, too short
Serving Sherm Newports
Went from doja to crack to heroin then back
Now I'm movin Sherm sticks and they don't know
how to act
In the 'lac dookie ground with pound
Hoochies down feel my coochie-coolie cap me now
Taking me down, oh-no. You living foul:
Never trust a big butt and a smile
All dead, nigga thrill her for the shrill I will!
Every damn day I smoke dank
But still I got things on my mind I can't shake
And damn I can't wait for a lightweight
breakthrough
Grand-mama told me that money don't make
you!
Age fourteen my whole team:
Was swollen as Mumps
On the savage-ass grind in the pose for months
Where the spinach shit? Cause misused herb was
a booster
Serving murders, cause if she didn't it scared ya
Went to pimp like a go-rilla
Suckas bust in the girl, post the hook, best to
show scrilla
Cause on site I'm like "If you ain't right I want
your mama!"
Stictly in the game to gain, fuck the drama
Crush the leafs and crumbs
On the run from my evil ways
Spliffs and blunts, taking tricks and punks for
pay
Cause in a way nigga
End up in the grave nigga!
Cause in the bay nigga!
Purp, pop, and play nigga!
Freshest when the game passed
Fuck them fake players/haters
Sneak on hurt something
Mouthpiece worked on
Real-talk, paradise
Perking, irking, jerking
Got my my speech slurred
Ya'll cats snatch till my rides and my fleet swerve
Hours and hours of tripping off the rose nigga
Drop far or not, I'm a soldier like a told ya
It ain't going to stop till my hashish smoked up
the whole bay
Down taking your birthdays from old lays
Every damn day I smoke dank
But still I got things on my mind I can't shake
And damn I can't wait for a lightweight
breakthrough
Grand-mama told me that money don't make
you!