Captain-Raj:Scribe
Never did he fail to honor - the fiefdom shall shatter, when it falls it will splatter - eradicate - the patience of the mother is not an indication - of the passive cos they're mocked by the… Alas!
Amore!
You have been slain in cold blood!
In cold blood you have been soaked to the bone with the guilt of your own venomous splinter!
Shard!
In the fullness of time, what cannot amount to empathy will quickly transform and precipitate to something of such mystifying properties that we will never be able to control.
In the opportune moment, what did not amount to clemency will swiftly transform and transmutate to a being of such gargantuan abilities that we will never ever get out!
They wait outside, the world's outside.
They hoped they wouldn't care once again.
They'd find that broken minds were better than potatoes anyway.
They cried '
Oh, they lied.' but shadows don't really always wanna play.
They tried again this time but hearts are like eggs and heads resemble hay.
In the opportune moment, what did not amount to clemency will swiftly transform and transmutate to a being of such gargantuan abilities that we will never ever get out!
Gandhi made it.
Gandu, go.
Now, wait for the vamp, for the martyr discarded, and the one who departed.
What made you think I'd save you?
What the fuck do you think I'm retarded?
I can see the pain in the strain, cos you came to attain and ashamed of the blame games and mind games,
still chained to your name with disdain for what you became?
What is easy ain't that easy?
Think you'll get mercy?
No mercy!
Better of faking when you set her off taking to Kiliminjaro?
That's fucking easy.
Your enemy, edible he better be.
Centipede ability.
Fanatical remedy.
Maybe you set up another jig to set up another heist to set up another hit?
In the fullness of time, what cannot amount to empathy will quickly transform and precipitate to something of such mystifying properties that we will never be able to gain control.
In the opportune moment, what did not amount to clemency will swiftly transform and transmutate to a being of such gargantuan abilities that we will never get out!