It-s-Nothing:Shabaam Sahdeeq
What you say, what you think, means nothin to me
What you own, what you drive, means nothin to me
Where you live, what you sell, means nothin to me
What you spit, who you wit, means nothin to me

While y'all niggaz feed ya greed, I feed my seeds
Feed you raw lyrics as the track proceeds
When my son popped out it gave me more strength
I'm down for the distance, you people make no sense
And my most common though is you haters can suck dick
Fake friends can eat shit, I'm the best kept secret
Don't get it twisted like Twizzlers, I'm takin 'em outta business
I'm makin it my business, to dead ya team
Dead ya cream, dead ya dreams of seein me
Even in 3D, with two lenses, red and green
I'm a +Survivor+ like Beyonce and them, what you thought?
This nigga was gonna drown and not make a sound?
Well I could never hold ya coattails, nigga you frail
And if I fell, then why this nigga stay with the deal?
Why you stay bitchin like pregnant chicks in kitchens?
I stay missin, in the Bahamas with ya misses, floatin

Hey yo Vince, I'ma leave these niggaz convinced
That I'ma ball, like a fourth-quarter player with 'nuff sense
Hey yo Reece, don't these pussy niggaz know I'm a beast
That I'ma spazz fully on they whole staff when I'm released
It's S-Double, this soldier lays it down
I spit game, clear thoughts and I shut you down
Like you said it's gone be alotta trouble comin out
And I'm some, brace yourself, 'fore ya get'cha team blown out
Hoes to the left of me (*echo*)
Hoes to the right of me (*echo*)
I wanna physically, tour they anatomy
Get they man mad at me, he went for drinks
What you doin here with niggaz rockin silver links?
On the bathroom sink girl, I could make it perkalate
It curve to the side, but I bust off like a Tre-8
What them say don't phase me none,
Moms raised a thourough son, make them fossi hoes run

They doubt me, behind my back they talk about me
But I could care less, I'm destined for success
I make 'em EAT they words! Them nerds get served
Cuz I shit flows, pitch O's, hate phony hoes
"Blow ya nose off" like Shyne, that's for them nosy hoes
C-B-S nigga you can't be serious
Must be delerious, these niggaz here ain't fearin shit
Fuck ya clique, and ya weak ass chick too
I spit two, and leave ya whole shit bent duke
What I been through don't even concern you
I burn you and treat you like the ho you are
24 bars, 24 holes in your car
I'm dimmin your star, no matter who the FUCK you are
Son I'm vain, and you can't derail my train
I breathe flames, nothin to lose, all to gain
And love is pain, I do you like Kane did Abel
No fables, let's lay this whole shit on the table

I'ma tell you again, it means nothin
I don't care where you from, I don't care what you got
I don't care what your name is, it means nothin
Word up. ya know, we could take it to the mic
Or we could take it to the streets it don't matter
Ya heard, S-Double, this nigga lays it down
S-Double, this nigga lays it down...
Molemen. yeah Chi-town.
Uh. BK, NJ all day. ha ha.
Sinister Sounds baby. uh Raptivism baby.
My nigga O...