Oh-My-God:Sticky Fingaz
C'mon man, oh, my fucking god man
Oh shit, what the fuck did I do?
It's all, it's all my fucking fault man, it's all my fucking fault
Fuck man, fuck am I doing man, why man?
Why God, why did you have to take her? Fuck

Why? Why? Why God why?
Everything I love always seems to die
Answer me, speak to me, I don't hear you
Answer me, motherfucker I ain't scared of you

Is there even a God? Do you even exist?
What I gotta do to speak to you, slit my wrists?
I'm talking to a God that I can't see
Can you see me? Can you see me?

Are you confused my son, and scared?
Let me make things more clear, so you're more aware
Fuck, who was that? All this shit is freaking me
It is I God, did you not say you wanted to speak with me?

Bullshit I am talking to myself, I'm going insane
You are talking to yourself, we are one and the same
It can't be, it must be the drugs, I'm high
And if You are then why are we born if we live to die?

Is there life after death? What were we before birth?
Why is this whole earth plagued and cursed?
Is killing a sin, is there life in other planets?
Is adultery wrong, did you write the ten commandments?

Excuse me my son, one question at a time
We were never born, and we will never die
In the essence, there's no such thing as death
How could I write commandments and not have them kept?

The soul is eternal you just change form
Then you come back with a new face on
You can not limit love unless you lack understanding
To answer you, yes, there is life in other planets

The future's a mystery the past is history
Today is a gift, that's why it is called the present
Life is so simple unless you make it confusing
The wise will understand this and the clever will use it

Wait God, there is so much I want to ask you
God, God, where are you? God I need to talk to you

If you could talk to God, exactly what, what would you say?
If you could talk to God, exactly what, what would you say?
If you could talk to God

Tell me, are there psychics that can speak telepathically?
Yes, but if you use more than one tenth of the minds capacity
I can't think, I feel life going down the drain
In the streets, everywhere I am surround in pain

Don't think, your thoughts are just that thoughts
Your feelings will really erase what you been taught
Feelings are the language of the soul, the soul is truth
I speak through you to aware the youth

But why let the suffering go on why not just stop it?
In order for anything to exist, so much is opposite
How can there be left if there was never right?
How can something know death if it never knew life?

How can you lose, if nobody won?
How can it be dark if there was never a sun?
That which is not grandeur, the soil still blessed
Form must exist for part of them self to manifest

But I never asked to be born, I hate my life
And if you are God, dammit then show me the light
And tell me, what's the meaning of life?
The process of all life is an ongoing

Never-ending process of recreation of self
Is God a He or She is there one true religion?
I'm the Alpha, the Omega, the Beginning and Ending
We are all one and everything is living

If you could talk to God, exactly what, what would you say?
If you could talk to God, exactly what, what would you say?