Take-My-Turn:Termanology
feat. Action Bronson & Jared Evan


Kicking the door like Biggie did
Got a definition of what was waiting to get me rich
Yes, I’m on the block with my… leaning the fifties with
Put my villains in your .. and so we’re in this bitch 
Uh, be surrounded by the bottle, boy 
And I’m in the club with a model that you cannot avoid! 
You see that thing? You do a double taste
She ain’t fucking and I win, having another day!
Swerve, kick rocks while I take shots
Then... of my muscle, come with the big block
Uh, I’m getting tired when I hit the top light
Shawty told me stop, let me get on top, oh! 
Guess we’re riding through Queens
Picking up Bronx, laying up Green
Both hands on the steering wheel full of wings
It ain’t in the game, but I’m an all time king.
Go! 

Hook:
What a fuck you’re trying to change me for?
What kind of fool you take me for?
I don’t need anything at all
It’s not over, till I finally take my turn!
Finally take my turn (my turn)!
Finally take my turn!

A thousand dollars on a junk shop, 
Rockets and dress shoes
No shirt and I’m like Burt from the corner
Shawty in the zona, 
Finest me served of a slaughter
I run into many drill, fourth quarter.
This is … and uncle rap shit out the score
We… and extort the captain, captain Hook
Fold your pack when you fuck around with the rapping gold 
Jackie Chan, Van Dam, kick with classic foot.
See the world behind my eyes, become a changed man
.. and lavish me, as from a strange man
.. the Lord, promising abundance
Raise the glass, can you see the hidden trumpets?
Bouncing, you can find me where the bitches at
Love the bitch and slap her pussy like a fishing hat
Watch your ass, cause this is prison, fan
Back on money’s how you vision that
Cause I’m a queen’s king!

Hook:
What a fuck you’re trying to change me for?
What kind of fool you take me for?
I don’t need anything at all
It’s not over, till I finally take my turn!
Finally take my turn (my turn)!
Finally take my turn!

You won’t catch me until I’m done 
There’s noting else to wait for
My reign has only just begun, oh
And it ain’t no doubt about it, no!
And it ain’t no doubt about it, no!
And it ain’t no doubt about it, no!
And it ain’t no doubt about it, no!
Till I finally take my turn!
Finally take my turn
Finally take my turn
Finally take my turn