My-Crew-Can-t-Go-For-That:Trigger Tha Gambler
Trigger Tha Gambler
Miscellaneous
My Crew Can't Go For That
Trigger Tha Gambler featuring Smoothe Da Hustler, D.V. Alias Khrist---My Crew Can't Go For That 


[Intro/Chorus] {D.V. Alias Khrist}: 

My crew can't go for that, no-o ah ha, no can do 
Now my crew can't go for that 
can't go for that, can't go for that 
No can do! 

{D.V. Alias Khrist} 

Do you wanna take a ride thru the hood? 
The roughest clique, serious, up to no good 
Can't go for no progress, it leads to stress 
Mess when we step you'll get'cha neck snapped when I'm thru 
The axe on the necks, left for trach 
We heard your footsteps in the city where the sun don't shine 
Reign affliction last forever when it's the race upon the 9 
Ruckus, so plan your mind and organise 

{Trigger Tha Gambler} 
I sit back in my bed watch Bill and Ted 
Make sure my days is excellent before my eyes get red 
The professor teachin rappers without the lecture 
My texture move forty yards like rave tracks without the measure (measure) 
My crew come better, better come with crews that's beef setters 
Settin beef I'm known for bein that rhyme deader you can't defeat (uhh) 
Somethin that was made to never die 
I'm here for a reason dats why God trusty, nah! 

[Chorus x2] 

{Smoothe Da Hustler} 

If nobody told you I'ma show you 
checkmate your king, overthrow you 
You crown me King like checkers 
Jump and blow you way out, stay out 
My knight's out to put ya day out 
I'm losin it, confusin it 
Next level mentality to add on, take away reality, I'm usin it 
But most don't agree with these tactics 
They find MC's in the middle of four wars on their knees 
Cuz I freak it backwards, backward's how I freak it, peep it 
My sanity helps me live it and speak it frequent 
Slowly I can capture criminal raptures 
The master blowin MC's with minimal batches of rappers 

{D.V. Alias Khrist} 

What be the malfunction? Function 
cause the funk, we are the jump just like the junction 
Clique policies 
don't y'all place lace, get broken when it step up to these 
Ya best ta take heed 

[Chorus x2] 

{Trigger Tha Gambler} 

With all love, due to the fact I jump funk on tracks 
Get down for stacks, my crew can't go for that 
And to be exact my gamblin staff stay with a Mac 
The clip-on wack 'head for attack, can't find no map 

{D.V. Alias Khrist} 

The remedy be in me, I see 
Jump funkin, funkin we jump in ??? tha South instantly 
Drive-by, the hitman for hire 
Settin wack crews on fire 
Bow down to your lyrical musical sire 
D-aah-V extraordanaire 
Kick snares in your end til your jams be def cool, who's left? 
Cardiac arrest my chest like DT's or raps, man 

{Smoothe Da Hustler} 

Now bring it all to a close, close it off 
Put that raw style and the game, froze it off 
so it all a boil down to this 
Basically facin me you're mistakingly ludicrous 
I ain't new to this! 

[Chorus x3]