Number-One:TZU
I got to be number one, gotta be number one

Come on, yeah
Count Bounce verse 1
Love and politics, sex and sadness
step by step all tryna be the baddest
When the storm come better check your ballast
I and pray that the wind blow dust upon your canvas
Reach for the stars, pray not for failure
when you’re stuck in the pit with all the other gladiators
Lookin for more meaning reason to keep living
climb to the top cause the race needs winning
Want to be a radiant sun that shines forever
through better or worse we gotta keep things spinning
Fame, recognition, purpose and vision
with a small little snake in your ear cold hissing
Want to hear the music? Go buy tickets
but kick it on the street with the freaks in the village
Feelin too green, soak up the spillage
Who is the number one champion in your village?

I got to be number one
Wanna be number one? Gotta beat on your drum like this
Gotta be number one
like that, close your eyes and imagine how it feels to be like that
I got to be number one
Wanna be number one? Gotta beat on your drum like this
Gotta be number one
like that, and the whole world’s going along with your act
Yeah Yeah

Joelistics verse 2
Said the world’s obsessed with the competition winner
but all that glitter’s not gold, (no)
The trophy and the cheddar don’t define a man’s measure
man you gotta get it in your soul.
And you can heed the pressure or turn your back
Follow your own path or follow the pack brother
Go discover what you love in life
The aim of the game is to love your life
And if daddy don’t tolerate loser’s in the family
You tell him he can stick his sausage in the pantry
If he gets hot headed then pull a funny face
kick him in the shins and choke him with a shoelace
cash athletics. You commin last?
Become an academic, give your life to the arts
You’ll get more girls and have more fun
and anyway the mainstream’s for suckers and chumps.

I got to be number one
Wanna be number one? Gotta beat on your drum like this
Gotta be number one
like that, close your eyes and imagine how it feels to be like that
I got to be number one
Wanna be number one? Gotta beat on your drum like this
Gotta be number one
like that, and the whole world’s going along with your act

Everybody now
everybody now

(Repeat Chorus)