Take-It-Easy:TZU
Who’s Bad?
Who’s Cool?

Joelistics verse 1
Yeah I take it easy like Allakazzam
like a poker player playing with a devilish hand
Stress don’t impress me that ain’t part of the plan
It don’t do nothing at all like boobs on a man
I do what I can to push and make it better
combat dilemma with a cool calm collected thought
I gotta brand new walk like a hovercraft
I gotta band and we’re all fans of entourage
We got game like summer rain
like some lovers who break then come again
shoot like a sun of a gun
never run of the mill
we at the top of the bill and until
we hit the peak and pass out
baby it’s time now
to stay up late until it’s time to lie down.
Life is so good I’m catching a buzz
They tell me it’s S.A.C. what’s that?
Sweet As Cuz.

I won’t let this world get me down
Speak my truth and hold my piece of ground
Keep your head when the whole worlds losing theirs
Some things you can change and some you can’t
And mamma said “son learn to tell them apart”
Take it easy, Take it easy
Take it Easy. (Just believe)

Count Bounce verse 2
So step up here and get the whole place ready
kick up dust with in the camp like Kelly
On the dance floor where you feel so steady
medicine for your heart beet remedy puncture
let the air seep out the junction
decompress complete delete function
Try to get by like said a McCartney
wake up the neighbours with a hell of a party
shake the zombies bring on the Klingons
Hey DJ you got anything we can sing on?
and take us down a track that we never ever been on
cause I can feel it. I do hear it.
I can not see but I do not fear it
I do hope soon we can all be near it
So lord give me grace and a good sound system
or just a few good friends chillin in the kitchen.

I won’t let this world get me down
Speak my truth and hold my piece of ground
Keep your head when the whole worlds losing theirs
Some things you can change and some you can’t
And mamma said “son learn to tell them apart”

Take it Easy, Take it Easy
Take it Easy (Just believe)
Take it Easy (Just believe)
Take it Easy (Just believe, come on)
Etc…