Northside-Gangbang:Woodie
Northside gangbang, red flagz hang
In northern Cali homeboyz from the valley to the bay claim

Cock your strap homeboyz, we gonna ride and put these rivals in the dirt
We'll hit 'em hard where it hurts with strategies no sloppy work
So don't forget your gloves, cover your mug, dress in black to match the night
And red flags is a must have 'cause we ain't flaggin' stars and stripes
We puttin' it down for the northern cal, livin' a life considered foul
Why do I gangbang? it's just my thang, got a short in my brain, huh so now
Here I come with a fat ass chop, SK slugs your vest can't stop
Settin' you up like a crooked cop at a spot where you thought you'd recop
Ha ha! your dead now, how many want my head now?!
I care less, I got blackbird waitin' for me to touchdown
So until that day comes, you'll catch me crackin' forties
Cockin' pistols, ridin' with homiez don't approach unless you know me!

Northside gangbang, red flagz hang
In northern Cali homeboyz from the valley to the bay claim

This is Antioch kill a cop, fuck a hoe and shoot a scrap
Peel a knot how I was taught, don't get caught and stay on top
Watch you drop to the dirt and smerk when I cut turf
Fuck survivors of my rivals I'll be at it every rebirth
And we lerks in the cuts of east Co. Co. county
All through out northern Cali northerners are getting rowdy
From the valley to the bay man, this is how we gang bang
Posted in the alley way, creating scenes with yellow tape
Dank gets laced, liquors chased, red flag on my face
And I'm gonna illustrate hate with a snub nose thirty-eight
And feeling great when I deplete the opposing team
Get the enemies by any means but leave the scene clean
I keep my chrome polished and feel kinda hasty when I haul it
And quickly will see how ugly it gets over shady comments
Hear me out when you stomp this, fuck your side
All through out the nine-duece-five is where I sworn to ride.

Northside gangbang, red flagz hang
In northern Cali homeboyz from the valley to the bay claim

We're tippy-toein' through there set, mission to kill a vet
Bush to bush we infiltrate at a rate not breakin' a sweat
Keep our heads straight, initiate tactics 'causin' defeat
And leave some bloody rival meat in the street before we retreat
Don't get cold feet youngsta! You better earn your stripes
Don't hesitate with that tre-eight to leave a rivals head spliced
Cause once you're caught up in the life, forever danger you'll be livin'
Loyalty's above all laws, snitches die unforgiven
Cause we're soldiers in a battlefield to earn respect we have to kill
Self destructive demons? Possibly, depends on how you feel
But let warn the blind let me inform all the homiez
I foreseen a war when the white house said they're capable of cloning
Part of a plot to enslave, homeboyz keep stockpilin' weapons
So when the enemies get to steppin' with weapons from all directions
We could, go out with a bang and that northerner gang
Shall forever retain respect with legacy status attained!