Even-If:yU 
Even if I fail at first, I'm still..

1st Verse

The Willingham, last name first and
Mic, when I hold one of them.. Its closed curtains
To motivate many is a brovas whole purpose
Try to take 'em high, opposite of below surface
Alotta soul, plus I write them solid gold verses
Learned this before I turned 6, no one is perfect
Sometimes I wonder is it all even worth it
Frustrated. Pain, still hurting.
I'm working, researching..
A breakbeat surgeon
I hate fake people make me wanna start cursing
I can't stand bull, like a brovas half turkish
I'm sure, yup.. Got damn certain
I landed on this planet determined to put work in
Aint nobody give me nothin cuz I earned it
Mom & pops own, and over the years I've learned that
-
Hook

Even if I failed at first I'm still gonna try,
And I gotta-
Build over time
The grind, I am-
Still on mine
Ahhhhhhhhh
-
2nd verse

Aiiight, yell it out..plus I gotta tell 'em bout
All the times I aint have a dime and I was feeling doubt
In my chest, yes, so depressed and I was in a drought
Got a whole lot of ideas, but I'm trynna get 'em out
-lemme tell ya
A failure, nahh.. I break barriers raw
So how I carry it is serious yall
I might appear to be small, but step to 'em and u'll see
I've channeled my chi, just like the master Bruce Lee
Hands moving in slowmo, trained in the dojo
Remainz is the emmo.. So eventually we get month
In for the long haul so in life,
We keep the tempo, simple
So let's g-o- and let them know, you know I know that
-
Hook(repeat)
-

3rd Verse

Lemme tell you-
Exactly what I'm all about and
Fam, now where would I be if I was witout them
Somewhere strugglin & hustlin hard
I put my trust in God, besides that I fear nothing
Up against tremendous odds, but I know..
That nothing comes easy, its called survival
Why should I be tired fo, when gials are unnacomplished
Just living and walkin wit a purpose.
Prospering off what I've learned I gotta earn my crown then
The bread'll keep piling, I'm determined, brown and
I'm proud as the lion & the pack he was down with
My drive, experienced like it was mileage
The earth is round, I go beyond where the clouds is
I'm trynna rock crowds somewhere up in the thousands
Been down, since up was outta range
Alotta pain, gotta gain, not a game, alotta ways, I became
A modern king humble of today see
I take speach seriously, cuz your words reach
The whole world if u're doing it right
We make a difference, my mission, upliftment, u wit it?
Cool.. Let's get it, I'll be willing to the finish
Very vintage and I carry lyrics, strength in every sentance
Studying this like a college and
U'll never catch me following or borrowing, I've got to send.. this one out..