Snoop Dogg
Miscellaneous
Let's Play House G-Dub remix



[Dat Nigga Daz]

5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95,
100, Ready or not baby, here I come

Dat Nigga Daz struck a match and the match went out
But it wasn't no more lights in the motherfucking house
Speakin of house let's play a game of it
Is you wit it? Hide and go get it, I betcha love it baby
I'll play the daddy and you can play the momma
So we can get down on the living room floor
Is ya wit it? I promise I won't kill it
Loose pussy on my dick, should I kill it? Never! Yes

[Michel'le]
See back in the day when we used to play
You wanted to be with me [that's right]
Now that is so right and natural
No other man that I can see
I'm singin in my backgroun
Diggin up a hole for you to make your move
But no longer will I be told regroup
Let's play house

Chorus: Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg

[Snoop] [Nate]
Engine engine number nine, Let's play house
Rollin down the DP line.
(repeat 2X)
[Michel'le] Let's play house...
[Michel'le] Is that what you want me to do with you?
You play tha momma baby Let's play house
I'll play the daddy
You can play the momma
And I'll play the daddy [Michel'le] Let's play house
You can play tha momma Let's play house
And I'll be the daddy
And I'll be the daddy
That runs the house, straight up

[Warren G]
Now you can call me pappy or you can call me daddy
I'm hitting 21st in the blue and grey caddie
I'm feeling like Scrappy, or is it Scooby Doo
Cause I'm chilling with the motherfucking Dogg Pound Crew
Now pass the bud to that nigga Geezy Weezy
So I can let you down easy
Some niggas tried to see what I see
Cock rocking with they bitches but they can't cock rock me

[Kurupt]
G-Dub, I know you know this bitch by tha name of Danielle
Body of a Goddess face from hell
But oh shit, this wasn't the average bitch
Her coochie was cavi and she liked gobbling dicks
And I got a whole nine and a half on that black ass
Groupie, now all the hoochies wanna do me from the past
To the present (say what?) let me rep and present
(Who dat?) The biggest nigga hittin all the hoes in your click
Fast as lightning running through like the breeze
In the summertime out on the corner making G's
It's the thirst, but I can show something much worse
Than the thirst, so pack your bitch ate my dick first
But first things first
Brenda, I can remember
How hot these hoes can get, eighty-seven, eighty-six, yeah
The year a young man grows
Fatal mistakes sprung over hazel-eyed hoes
Bitches ain't shit but them hoes and tricks
And that's all I can think of to describe a bitch

[Michel'le]
If you wanna be wit me, stay wit me, play wit me
Come Kurupt, and step to me
My, sweet, baby

[Nate Dogg]
Let's play house, let's play house, let's play house
Let's play house, let's play house

Repeat many times

[Michel'le] (singing in her famous high pitch)
Daz and Kurupt, is that what you wanna do? You wanna play house? (Keep it cool, yo) Well I ain't got no time. (Well you mean what me and Nate Dogg doin.) So what you wanna do? (Yeah, Michel'le on the track, hey. Background they funking it up. Ya'll don't know what the real is.) Let's get it right. You wanna play house, you wanna play? Is that what you wanna play. Come down. You can't leave me. I won't take no more lies, yeah. There's something in my heart. Hey. I'm still nicety. Yeah. (Leave that shit on, it's the bomb.)