Mister-Dean:Drop City Yacht Club
This is a public service announcement
I will now be putting on my rapper swag

This is that shit, speakers in back shit
That drive slow like your stuck in some Cali traffic.
My main squeeze riding shottie, she kinda ratchet
Rollin' up a doobie while putting on cherry Chapstick. (Woop)
Throwback whip, cut the tunes on
James Dean Porsche, the fuckin' roofs gone.
Surfer cut got me lookin' like Jimmy Neutron
Beach Bum Billionaire crashin' on Izzle's futon.
That's how we do ugh, California poster kid
Hate it if you want we're doing everything you supposed to did.
Give me the pen and I turn into George Lucas/
I'm the shit, you're losin' if you're spittin' I'm mucus.
I'm so stupid with bars they cut my tab off
Called me a cab, I looked at them like that bad huh?
They said "yeah yeah' black zipper jacket bad
Oh dag, blah blah blah, rapper swag.

Dirty Vans,
Blue Jeans,
Ray Bans,
Cool things,
Rebel shit, I'm doing me
Fuck your swag, James Dean.

Aww yeah,
Hot to death,
Word to the Bible, God, I'm fresh.
Never live another day broke
I'm a die with a smile on my face cuz life's a joke.
Ugh, I'm so cold got
So many girls and they all wanna rock.
Slow like a robot
Moves like Robocop.
So many drugs in the game
But their not really dope their just that soda pop.
Everybody wants a little fame, man so do I
Everybody wants to kick game, man Cobra Kai.
Been told i, am the shit
The sewer, manure, so I'm sure I'm sewage as it gets.
So now every year's a piece of cake
Life is just beach and lakes.
Tons of fish up in the sea
I'm the poll, she's the bait.
Never gonna die I'm hoping I'm
On a gremlin trip, gonna multiply.
But I picked out a wedding dress for that chick
Death is comin' fuck that bitch.
Awe yeah, love is just so beautiful
You blow a kiss and promise wind till your funeral.
But I got parties going on, got no room for hoes
Someone pull the tag I got that rapper swag.

Dirty Vans,
Blue Jeans,
Ray Bans,
Cool things,
Rebel shit, I'm doing me
Fuck your swag, James Dean.

Got a petite bride, I call her sweet ride
She love to drive me nuts, gave her the green light.
If I'm not cool then I don't know what cool is
Swept her off her feet now we gonna jump the broom and..
Get this party on yeah, I'm so California
You can find me up in your crib surfing on lawn chairs.
Barbie dolls, blonde hair you can find them all here
But I just call them sharks cuz there's nothing but some jaws here.

Ice cold so I'm never gonna freeze up
Super high but I never roll trees.
Got a lead foot so i'll never ease up
Like the alphabet stopped right after D.
Will someone please call the police
Or EMT's when they drop that beat.
Yellow tape it's a crime scene,
I'm about to murder my rhyme scheme.
RIP when the bass on hit
Make a t-shirt, put my verse face on it.
Shit, something like a space cadet
Throwback yeah like a tape cassette.
And if you wanna play roulette but want the safest bet
Then put your money on the fresh, yep.
Mouth full of listerine,
Mister Dean.