Kilo:Fat Joe
[** feat. Clipse & Cam'ron:]


All around the world today the kilo is a measure*
A kilo is a thousand grams easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand but did you remember
Once you touch a kilogram that weight ll make music

K.I.L.O THE KING sayin' hello from my suga hill ray Nathan he's Romelo
I plays it like a cello I pull them strings to make them scales teeter totter like
Balance beams its everything it seems the guns and the glamor the re-compressed birds
Booked down wit sledge hammers

Smile candid cameras goddess in zoom lenses un claimed taxes sittin' in new Benzes
Champagne drenches the loafers the bosses lord forgive me there's blood diamonds in
These crosses suffered major losses then repeat the past.
Guess I never learned a hard head makes a soft ass

Yup and soft white makes for hard cash and continental gets with a soft rag like soft batch
Cookies out the oven getting 13 at a time now that's a bakers dozen

All around the world today the kilo is a measure
A kilo is a thousand grams easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand but did you remember
Once you touch a kilogram that weight ll make music

Ayo there's blood on the cocaine a scene that is psycho dope so pure feigns cling to the light pole.
Wet purer than holy water your wife know that she ain't gotta fly to Columbia
For that lipo.. (Darkside)
Cut keys like a locksmith blasphemy but it feels like its gods gift
One sniff'll have you kneel down and praise me nodding out holding onto your babies.
A new conec means a few more dreams now watch a nigga flood the streets like
New Orleans blow like trumpets snorting on the second line fuckin' with that white bitch'll
Have you on the bordeline penthouse in the city got the scenic view and maybe you can
Fuck Madonna like you pee in a shoe.
Snowcaps dripping off rock mountains its crack in
Wonderland Got coke dripping out the fountain.

All around the world today the kilo is a measure
A kilo is a thousand grams easy to remember
A kilo is a thousand but did you remember
Once you touch a kilogram that weight ll make music

I said a Kilo is a thousand grams but can you remember check my agenda snow like
December coke I'm a emperor go head and taste it numb up your dentures movin' in Rectas
Obvious intra no I wont serve you don't mean to offend ya.
Round table glass up all hail us toast to life money told me will fail us we prevail from the
Corner now now tell us they got what they don't wanna let them sell us me I cook coke
Cook coke no faction but damn you look broke.
Know my pedigree ready is what you
Better be gotta beef put two holes in yo ass like the letter be my parameter homie is where you
Need to be... Gambler?
Nah janitor I keep the keys...