Truth:Lecrae
This song right here is for everybody out there looking for truth
And who says, ya know, we all in the same boat
Christians, Muslims, everybody like that'(yo)
You're looking for truth
(Oh) I got some answers man
(So good to me) uh let's get into it.

Let's go'
Night and day I ain't scared to sayin we different
They play the prostitute, but they like to say they just intimate
Idols in their heart, they can't seem to lose the grip on it
Seem em walking in the direction they can get crippled with
Our world is different like Whitley and Wayne, mayne
They say we look the same, but we ain't chasin' the same thing
It all boils down to they think everything is relative
Jesus might as well be a South American president
Very evident they say that Jesus was heaven sent
They lifestyle reflects that they worship they self instead of him
They don't acknowledge the Christ
If they did, they wouldn't worship themselves by the way that they live
All these rappers say they got guns that spray of 16
I got a Luke 9 that can take all 16
That's the Bible, the one they call
But they don't care about the author,
They think he's a joke

Man, see some folks say,
"All truth is relative, it just depends on what you believe."
You know, "hey man, ain't no way to know for sure who God is or what's really true."
But that means you believe your own statement,
That there's no way to know what's really true.
You're saying that that statement is true.
You're killing yourself. If what's true for you is true for you
And what's true for me is true for me,
What if my truth says yours is a lie' Is it still true' Come on man!

I promise everybody is askin the same questions,
"Who am I' What is my purpose and my direction"
Probably believe that you exist for no other reason
Than self satisfaction, hedonism, and pleasing things
Life's about you gettin' yours and being happy
Even if it means a divorce and switchin' families
Your job, your house, your car, your spouse
It's all for the glory of you else you out
You go to school, get ya degrees, and get a job
So you can make a whole lot of cheese, 'cause life's hard
You never thought of livin to please a real God
And that's the reason He made you
(See) He gave you breath to breathe, the chest to breathe it
So you can taste and see He's the best, believe it
He made us for His glory, and not for your own, homie
Our God is holy'you should repent and die slowly'

See, there's this thing called "Secular Humanism",
It says man is the source of all meaning and all purposing.
You know what I'm saying
We're just the result of a big cosmic explosion.
We don't really have a purpose or meaning,
So we just come up with our own purpose.
We're the source of our meaning and our purpose.
How can a man, which is the product of chance,
A finite being be the source of purpose and meaning
You can't! You're created with purpose man!
Get with The Creator yo!

Man, everybody got a problem with God
And when you mention the Christ,
Then they really get to turning the knob
But some say they roll with Christ
'cause some rappers made him seem like
He was cool with all the sin in they life
No!
But then some say,
"How could God exist when all this evil stuff in the world keep persistin"
Wrong question, ask again
How come God ain't let you feel the wrath from sin'
What you thought last night deserves a first class flight to Hell
Where God doesn't dwell, you got that right
But he brought back life on that cross that night
Christ died
You ain't know that it cost that price'
All of God's anger poured on His Son
Been together through all eternity
Now He was shun
Praise God for the life that was won for us
Ain't got a beef with God because the Son was Christ

Look, man, some people say that God ain't real
'cause they don't see how a good God can exist with all this evil in the world.
If God is real then He should stop all this evil,
'cause He's all-powerful right'
What is evil though man
It's anything that's against God.
It's anything morally bad or wrong.
It's murder, rape, stealing, lying, cheating.
But if we want God to stop evil, do we want
Him to stop it all or just a little bit of it
If He stops us from doing evil things, what about lying,
Or what about our evil thoughts
I mean, where do you stop, the murder level,
The lying level, or the thinking level
If we want Him to stop evil, we gotta be consistent,
We can't just pick and choose.
That means you and I would be eliminated right
Because we think evil stuff.
If that's true, we should be eliminated!
But thanks be to God that Jesus stepped in to save us from our sin!
Christ died for all evilness!
Repent, turn to Jesus man!"