Who-Shot-Rudy:Screwball
If you see a devil, smash him
Yeah, Screwball shit, yeah, yeah, yeah
Keron yo, little something for that snake ass
Slimy ass, devil ass, motherfucker out there
Listen to this and suck on it bitch
Knaw'mean? Screwball shit, what, what, yeah
Check, check, check, check it out, yo

Ay-yo, who shot Rudy in broad daylight, for cash?
I woke up this morning and hear the newsflash
They said it happened down at City Hall
He had his wife with'im, 5 shots from the crowd made him fall

It was chaos and pandemonium, blood covered up the podium
Covered his face, and wouldn't show me him
I had to see if it was true
Secret service was mad nervous, so was the boys in blue

Scatterin', like rats and ants, with the lights on
Man hunt the suspect all night long
Interrupted episodes, every channel show
Barricaded the city and blocked every road

Jakes in riot gear, blacks smilin' it is
Reporters cryin' out in the street, "It ain't Rudy"
He ain't dead off, somebody blew his head off and skated out
Commissioner, live on channel 5, when they announced his death

Wifey was stressed, she was right there
She stated, it was like a nightmare
One time, was combing the streets,
Had the whole force on the beat, flyin' in cars and on feet

The D's came through stompin'
Ghetto birds had the projects lookin' like Compton
With marksmen, with dirty thirties out the window
I'm in my room smokin' boom, playin' Nintendo, high off the indo
Who shot Rudy?

From courthouse to your house
Rich house to poor house
QB to Shaolin, Brooklyn Long Island
BX to Money Makin', YO and New Ro
The news final, yo, who shot Rudy?

From courthouse to your house
Rich house to poor house
QB to Shaolin, Brooklyn Long Island
BX to Money Makin', YO and New Ro
The news final, yo, who shot Rudy?

They speculated it was mob related
Every wise guy with mafia ties, interrogated for lies
Every king and yeta, had the linguistics
Snatchin' they gats for ballistics and expert statistics

Were drawn out, gang unit was all worn out
Investigatin' his body and everybody else
Whoever gave threats, made bets or wages
Cash donators from the campaign stages

Cab drivers and frank vendors who protested
Were roughed up like Abner, gettin' broom molested
Sharp lawyer suit-breasted, double-breasted reporters
Was mobbin' daughters and other mourners

Pushin' cameras away, blockin' the sights
Had the riot squad at Washington Heights
Kennedy Airport, stoppin' flights, niggaz was tight
'Cause they couldn't sell a dime all night, but that was alright

The devil died and nobody cried
They was real, like some Jews celebratin' when the pharaoh got killed
Glasses of Henny were spilled and we got twisted
Smokin' blunts on the corner, like we used to 'cause we lived it

Knowin' he was gone for good [unverified], it got me thinkin'
Ay-yo, where the fuck Dinkens and Harlem World?
Shaolin to Brownsville, did Sharpton and Farrakhan make the shit real?
Was it Khalel? You know he keep mad steel
Did the Bloods or the Crips smoke Rudy on the hill?

From courthouse to your house
Rich house to poor house
QB to Shaolin, Brooklyn Long Island
BX to Money Makin', YO and New Ro
The news final, yo, who shot Rudy?

From courthouse to your house
Rich house to poor house
QB to Shaolin, Brooklyn Long Island
BX to Money Makin', YO and New Ro
The news final, yo, who shot Rudy?