Bang it wit dis.
Young money! a milli, a milli, a milli, a milli, a milli
I'm a millionaire
I'm a Young Money

Million-aire, tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
Cuz I dont write shit cuz I ain't got time
Cuz my seconds, minutes, hours go to the all mighty dollar
And the all mighty power of the ch-ch-ch-choppaz
Sister, Brother, Son, Daughter, Father mother-fuck-a-copper
Got the Maserati dancing on the bridge pussy popping
Tell the coppers. hahahaha you can't catch em, you can't stop em
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat em then you pop em
You can't man em then you mop em, you can't stand em then you drop em
You pop em cuz we pop em, like Orville Redenbacher. (yeah! motherfucker I'm ill)

(Wayne I'm goin in)
A Milli in here wit them Young Money

Million-aires
Think you really pop a wheelie in air
Mac Milli the, Vanilli's in here, I'm a rascal dont get whopped
I get brats who dont give top
I get tassel, pass you with a flow you could never put a brake on
And I break on anything a nigga take on, feel the napalm from my trey arm
Straight long, throw a nigga like I'm Akon cause I make cons
Where the base gone, get the base blown
Let the Pistons on that chopper come on cops I'm kamikaze drop a rock wit them Obamas
Illie in the mind, really wit the nine, millie when I rhyme, silly anytime
Fine, chilly gitty on the grind, Shitty on a dime, Penny on the line
Plenty's in me, any guinea's wit em bigger than a mini and remind I'm
Illie and its all off G piece and a P.G walk by beep beep
Wit a freak, skeet, Hawk Out, big feet on a jeep
She caught by Weezy F, we be the best
Truly to death prove me the rest
Groupies confess, you be the ref, excuse me I left.Ha

A millionaire I'm a young money

Millionaire
What y'all really want it now
Y'all dont really wanna do it
If hip hop is dead i am the embalming fluid
And I don't care who it be, I'm stepping to it
Notice I say 'it' cuz to me, it ain't shit
Get. It
Call me what you like trick?
Call me on my sidekick
Never answer when its private
Man I hate a shy chick
Don't you hate a shy chick

She changed her name to my chick
Hahaha, yea boy that's my girl
And she pops excellent up in Waynes world
Totally dude you should
See their faces when they see that
This robot can move
And its like... Hahaha, yea
And it go... That's right

I'm a millionaire I'm a
Young money

Cash

Money fast money
Slow money

Mo' money never low money
What is that, who is that, I never heard of it
I will take your picture and make a 'rest in peace' shirt of it
Tell those n***** beating to make a rest in peace shirt of me cuz I
Killed and now don't tell no one you heard of me
Its' like, the beat was screaming, murder me
And I'm a, murderer
So I murdered it

And you n***** is what i eating ill make sure of it
And he who don't believe me I'll make dessert of him
Sherbet him, I mean
Shame on him, or her
Cut her father up

This rap thang, this is my race
Gon' take a lap man weezy babys no????
Now gon' take a nap man, its nap time
I'll holla back at you at snack time

Weezy... F... yea, ok
They say I'm rapping like Big, Jay, and 2Pac
Andre 3 Thousand where is erykah badu at, who that?
Who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne
My name ain't bic, but I keep that flame
Who that one
That do dat boy
Y'all knew that
True that swallow
And I be the shhhh
Now you got loose bottoms

I don't owe you like two vowels
But I'd like for you to pay me by the hour
Hahaha
And I'd rather be pushing flowers
Than to be in the penn sharing showers
See Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Dont play in the garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy I got so many girls like I'm Michael Lowery
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me

Man, life, just ain't life, without me
Hip-Hop just ain't hip hop, without me
Young moola baby
C3