(Lil Wayne & Nurse)
Where's my coffee?
Good Morning Doctor Carter (Hey Sweetie)
Looks like its going to be a long day. (Ahh another one what we got?)
Your first patient (Yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concept (Uh-Huh)
Originality (Ugh)
His flow is weak (Another one)
And he has no style (Ugh)
Whatcha got for um?

Verse 1 (Lil Wayne)
Ok, let me put my gloves on,
and my scrubs on,
Dr.Carter to the rescue!
Excuse me if I'm late,
but like a thief, it takes time to be this great,
honestly just wait.
Your style is a disgrace, your rhymes are fifth place, and I'm just grace.
One, Uno, Ace, and I'm tryin to make your heart beat like bass,
but your sweet like cake and I come to fix whatever you shall break.
Where is your originality? You are so fake,
So picture me like a gallery- Capture what I say.
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take.
Like, hey, brighter than the sun ray, got a pistols on the playground.
Watch the gunplay, like, No kidding, No kids in the way,
but the kids do watch. Gotta Watch what we say. Gotta work everyday.
Gotta not be Cliche.
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K.
Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensai.
You gotta have faith, you gotta, gotta wait, wait...

I think I, I think I lost him... (Dial one eighteen please)

(Nurse)
Good afternoon Dr. Carter,
I don't know about this one...
His confidence is down,
Vocab and metaphors need work,
And he lost respect for the game. (aaahhhhh, lemme see)

You think you can save him?

Verse 2 (Lil Wayne)
Okay, respect is in the heart.
So thats where i'ma start.
And a lot of heart patients don't make it.
Now hey kids-- plural-- I graduated
cause you could get through anything if Magic made it.
And that was called recycling
or rereciting
something cause you just like it
so you say it just like it.
Some say its biting
but i say its enlightening
besides Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest.
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest.
And Dr. Jeezy can fix your back up the nicest.
Arthritis in my hand from writing.
But I'ma doctor they don't understand my writing.
So I stop writing.
Now I'm like lightning.
And you ain't Fish Young so don't clash with the Titans.
Fast and exciting.
My Passion is Frightening.
Now let me put some more Vocab in your I.V.
Here take this Vicodin
Like it and love it
and confidence has no budget so pay me no mine i don't walk like i talk it cause i'm running i don't do it cause i done it and i'm in the emergency punnet.

Goddamn it I've lost another one...

(Nurse)
Good evening Dr. Carter, it's been a long day,
But this one looks much better than the others.
His respect is back up, his concepts sound good,
his style is showing strong signs of improvement,
All he needs now is his swagger (OK lemme take my gloves off then)

Verse 3 (Lil Wayne)
Swagger Tighter Than A Yeast Infection.
Fly Go Hard Like Geast Erection.
Fashion Patrol Police Detection.
I Stay Tight Like Chinese Connection.
I Stay Tight Like Pussy At Night.
Baby Don't Get Me Wrong I Could Do That Pussy Right.
But I'm To Wrong To Write.
To Fresh To Fight.
To Paid To Freestyle.
To Paid To Freestyle.
I Had To Say It Twice
Swagger So Nice.
And Don't Ask Me Shit Unless It Concern A Price.
And I Don't Rap Fast I Rap Slow.
Cause I Mean Every Letter In The Words In The Setence Of My Quotes.
Swagger Just Flow Sweeter Than Honey Oats.
That Swagger I Got It I Wear It Like A Coat.
Wait, As I Put The Light Down His Throat.
I Can Only See Flow.
His Blood Starting To Flow.
His Lungs Starting To Grow.
This One Starting To Show
Strong Signs Of Life.
Wheres The Stiches Heres The Knife.
Smack His Face His Eyes Open.
I Reply With A Nice Welcome Back.
Hip Hop I Saved Your Life.