Man all these pussy niggas drive me crazy.
Make me sick to my stomach, I feel nauseated. 
All you haters hold hands and jump off a building. 
I can still taste her pussy, memorabilia. 
Backpack full of artillery! 
One me, no equivalent. 
These niggas acting like lil bitches, 
I don't understand this shit like ya scribbled it. 
Take her clothes, step back, and exhibit it. 
Then tear her ass up like a parking ticket. 
The end of the road isn't walking distance. 
Had to get that blood off my hands. Left the faucet dripping. 
In ya face, like a airbag in a car collision. 
My weed man so consistent. 
I stand rich, trying not to make poor decisions. 
Everything I do, I plan it out like a solar system. 
Nigga if you clumsy you gone slip and fall a victim to me. 
Yo bitches sent some naked pictures to me! 
Then she shoot over to my house, I scoot over in the bed, I shoot off in her mouth. & She bit the bullet. 
Uh Skating on em like I'm lil Wayne. 
& the weed so strong, I can feel veins.
Write it down, take a picture. Now I feel framed
The drugs got me so numb, I can't feel ashamed.
& My girl at home with the mood swings
Girl I gotta make a few runs like Usain
Wish I had a penny for my thoughts for some loose change
Hungry niggas going at ya neck for that food chain. 
Pop some pills that make me sleepy!
Hoes creep me! In their tepee! 
I hope that pussy, taste like kiwi
Hope it's nicer than Tahiti
Hoping I can get a freebie 
Leave a nigga body floating with a mouth full of seaweed 
What's in my Louie backpack? That's E.T
Snitches give me the hebegebe's 
I hope they disappear
Where the fuck is whodini? 
I got niggas on my side, you got niggas on yo back
Imma yell timber
Money grow on trees
Money over queens
Fuck you, blow me!
I sit back enjoy the breeze
Hoes prettier than please
Ion really do shit but sit back and call the shots 
She poured out her heart
I had it on the rocks
Red beam on ya head
That's a cherry on top!
You don't wanna keep ya cool 
I know niggas that'll die!
Uh I dance with the devil in my dreams 
When I wake up, I still hear the same song
Make me wanna blow a motherfucka brains out
Flood warn a nigga 
Imma bout to brainstorm 
Lil nigga I'll take ya main hoe, make her call her homegirl. Make em share the same dick
This that mothafuckin Dedication 5, I just hope I be alive to see a Dedication 6!
Lil Tunechi!