[Intro - Game & (Lil Wayne)]
Mars
(Bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian)
[Verse 1 - Game]
Blood gang kill ‘em all, Odd Future Wolf Gang
Kidnap a vampire and drain all his fuckin’ veins
Wolf Grey Jordans, use his intestines for the strings
Snatch up Rihanna and throw her in front of a fuckin’ train
Then sniff a fuckin’ unemployment line of cocaine
Tie Lil B up to a full tank of propane, swag
Now watch him cook, and just stand there and look
Have a bonfire with old Harry Potter books
Martians vs. goblins, goons vs. the crooks
And since me and Tune had Viacom shook
I shoulda got a real-ass pirate to do the hook
Maybe Jack Sparrow, maybe Peter Pan’s nemesis
My power limitless like Blanco on Sega Genesis
Superhero, mad that Marvel overlooked me
Cause Spiderman and Hulk straight pussy
[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (goddamn goblin)
Yeah, bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (Mr. Goddamn Goblin)
Yeah, bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (I’m a goddamn goblin)
Ya know, motherfuckin’ martian (to a goddamn goblin)
We are not the same, I am a martian
[Verse 2 - Tyler, The Creator]
A year ago, I was poor somewhat
Now my future’s brighter than Christopher’s new haircut
Bruno Mars is still sucking dick and fucking male butts
In the same closet that Tyler Perry gets clothes from
Erm, I suck? where the fuckin’ ring pops?
You got a better chance of getting a copy of Detox
Wolf Gang, we rock, crack rock and that shit was expected
Like Jayceon whenever he name-drops (fuck you Tyler)
Jesus, motherfucking Theresa
This nigga Game got Wolf Haley for this feature
My team is running shit like we have full-cleat Adidas
Getting chased by the police’s on a full bred cheetah
Bishop Eddie caught me tryna escape
Bag full of drag and a Nicki Minaj mixtape
Dragging all you fags to the back of the log cabin
Fall back like LeBron’s hairline against the Mavericks, he lost
[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (goddamn goblin)
Yeah, bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (Mr. Goddamn Goblin)
Yeah, bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (I’m a goddamn goblin)
Ya know, motherfuckin’ martian (to a goddamn goblin)
We are not the same, I am a martian
Chuck, fuck with me!
[Verse 3 - Game]
I do, cause Lil Tunechi always bless me (achoo)
He killed me on my own track, so what? not you
Fuck you, I spit like I had kids with Erykah Badu
I fucked her on the day of that naked video shoot
I was sucking her pussy like it was Wonton soup
Then I hit LeBron mom in bron-bron’s coupe
With Delante West taping, we had bon-bons too
And Cleveland cheerleaders, they had pom-poms too
So I smacked them bitches wearing Bishop Don Juan’s suit
(Where was Snoop?) I don’t know, probably doing what the crips do
But when I’m with my uncle, fuck it, then I’m a crip too
And I will crip Weezy, crip Jones, and crip you
Now I’m the Doggfather, walking with a Shih Tzu
Mad that DC comics overlooked me
Cause Captain America’s straight pussy
[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (goddamn goblin)
Yeah, bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (Mr. Goddamn Goblin)
Yeah, bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian (I’m a goddamn goblin)
Ya know, motherfuckin’ martian (to a goddamn goblin)
Bitch I’m a motherfuckin’ martian, hahaha