Mo fi-ya Weezy, mo fi-ya… mo fi-ya, I give her, mo fi-ya

Why did he plot, my fitty copped, my city hot I'm dodgin' the city cop
I play ‘em like pity pat (shh) I'm kicking back (yeah)
I'm gettin' stacks, these bitches is really rats
I fuck ‘em and give ‘em back (yeah) I really mack (yeah)
How real is that, you love him, you really wack
I hustle and bend my back
My muscle is in tact
My biceps and triceps is ayyee yess

Mo fi-ya Weezy, mo fi-ya… mo fi-ya, I give her, mo fi-ya

I come at you (shh), it's somethin' new, the color is smurf blue
I'm puffin that purple, believe it if I talk it I walk it like Hershel
I get it like it is on the commercial
2, this is verse 2, it is worse too
I'll merk you, like I birth you
You niggas small bubbles, I'll burst you
And spit you out and have your girlfriend slurp you
My jewelry earth blue, some say its earth green
I'm like whatever my shit mean and obscene
Now I been seen on alotta different scene,
that mean I got alotta different cream

Mo fi-ya Weezy, mo fi-ya… mo fi-ya, I give her, mo fi-ya

I raise mo fire to the man up higher
I lick a shot to let him know that I'm a rider (yeah)
My dreads hang to let him know that I'm a lion
Represent the jungle when the others just trying
I represent my mother like baby stop crying
I know my papa gone but guarantee to see her shining (yeah)
Now you are looking at New Orleans finest
Now you are being blinded, by European diamond
And you were seeing 2 or 3 times and
Got your vision all fucked up, now you can't even find me
And I ain't even hidin' naw, I'm right here baby
She wanna walk witcha, I'm like yea baby
Party man with the shoty to his head
Rock-a-by his ass to sleep, rock it lay him down to bed
I put you in my pocket, right next to the condoms homie
You ain't nothin' but a prop fish…

Mo fi-ya Weezy, mo fi-ya… mo fi-ya, I give her, mo fi-ya
Mo fi-ya, mo fi-ya, Weezy, mo fi-ya, mo fi-ya, I giver her, mo fi-ya…
Rock-a-by his ass to sleep, rock it lay him down to bed
I put you in my pocket,
right next to the condoms homie, you ain't nuthin but a prop fish.

Mo Fi-ya Weezy, Mo Fi- ya. Mo Fi-ya, I give her, Mo Fi-ya
Mo Fi-ya, Mo Fi-ya Weezy. Mo Fi- ya, I giver her, ...