Open up your hearts people
Page 1 chapter 1 muthaf**kin' 1

Yeah uh huh I'm drinkin hot tea bitch feel me

Yeah now if you let me you won't regret me
Shit if you let me you won't forget me. Remember?
And if you don't then ponder. Hold up bahh bahh,
There's a reminder
I ain't kinda hot I'm sauna
I sweat money and the bank is my shower
Haha and that pistol is my towel
Ha so stop sweatin me coward
And I would die for ours ride for hours supply the flowers
Dis is history in the making so shut the f**k up and let me make it

Please don't shoot me down cause I'm flyin I'm flyin
I'm highup
Please don't shoot me down cause I'm flyin I'm high up
(I swear dis tea is at a real good temperature right now. So am I)

I spit alcatrez bars I know
And d-boys are the only alphabet boys I know
Gotta 3-80 on my waist on rambo at home
No more bandana around dome bandana on my right pocket
Bitch I'm grown f**k what you on
Now watch me stand on the world as I sit on a throne
And if I jump I'm a fly and look into the eagles eye
And see I am nothin' like you. why?
Bitch see. It gets me how nothing get me or get to me
And if you shootin for the star than just shoot me
But your bullets don't reach mars
Pause. clause. because I'm a a beast I'm a dog I getcha
My picture should be in the dictionary next to the definition of definition
Because repetition is the father of learnin
Ans son I know you barrel burnin but

Please don't shoot me down cause I'm flyyin I'm flyin
I'm highup
Please don't me down cause I'm flyin I'm high up
(Hey I'm a talk to my daddy)

Pappa I did it to em. I'm a bastard
And I'm a do it again like nigga backwards
These niggas backwards but they behind us
Now watch me get high like time's up
Now D bring the drums back
And watch me hit em where there lungs sat like dat
I get respect cause if I don't I'm a take it
I see your boys hatin and I see your girls naked
Drum sound like a naked gun switch clips with my thumb
Then I pop another clip in and aim at his vision
Cause Wayne is his vison cause Wayne is the mission
I'm aimin at a mirror

Please don't shoot me down cause I'm flyin I'm flyin
(and I've done it before. Please don't make me do it no more)
I'm highup
Please don't shoot me down cause I'm flyin I'm high up
(Watch me soar. Where the f**k is my guitar. And I roar.)