Yeah, hard body (hard body)
Carter, carter
Carter yeah
Lets go

Cash Money Young Money mother fuck the other side
They can fuck with us if they want I bring 'em homicide
Word to my momma I'm gonna continue bombin'
Til they gettin' out the game, it's like comin' out of a coma
I'm tryin', but I'm normal when this rap shit get borin'
All I ask is that you pray for me (Please)
And the beat, keep cryin' and I'm a keep beatin' her
Fee I'm fuckin' her I'm deep in her sleep in her
And what happens when the reaper come (huh?)
I'm just hopin' that he sends that elevator up
I made enough I ain't make shit
So while I'm here I'm a take that and take this (nigga!)
Breakfast, yes let's eat wipe ya mouth when ya finished
Then hunt for the lunch and dinner, no beginner
To the criminal activity fuck with them they rushin' in
Like Seminoles, Indians, no bow and arrows Harold
Just leaners Cheena just choppers Robert
Carter two tell me how is you gon stop a riot
I lock and seal it up the best I could feel it (yeah!)
I'm in the lead I can pop a wheelie (got em!)
Not for rookies late bloomers stay in the womb (Go!)
I'm here mu'fucker make room, boom!
Young Tune the big kahuna
It's my ocean baby y'all niggas is tuna
Better now than sooner junior
Fly around ya city try and take another tune ya
I ain't goin' nowhere special I won't never leave
Shit I'm already a legend if I ever leave
Can't get rid of me? Not little me (no)
Man I got 'em I'm a get 'em B (I got 'em B)
I'm hungry like I didn't eat (yeah)
I want it like I didn't see a meal before seventeen
What the fuck you niggas tellin' me?
You pups can't keep up with the pedigree
Catch me where the weather be somewhere in the seventies
Call myself settling palm trees Promethazine but whats new?
Sometimes I can't cut through that rough loo
Get fucked so many times til it's fuck you (fuck em!)
So how you want do it baby we can get it
All you gotta do is say it and I'm wit' it
Money and murder you my nigga my jelly preserver
I'm a ride baby til the judge give me a verdict yeah!
Hear me or heard me I get it and serve it
Cause every time I did it I hit it and hurt it yeah
Now I kill it, the mission accomplished
The niggas abolished the bitches astonished
Then they pay homage when did they find it but
Now that they know it's a must I remind 'em so
They don't forget it I underline it and
I'm in the sky when the thunder's cryin' young'n
I been through all that I done done what you sayin'
I put it down when the others was playin'
When the jungle was open I rolled in with the riders
Stole food from the bears and bought it back to the lions
hold court with the apes I'm a gorilla but lighter
Wit' the eye of a tiger the heart of a fighter yeah
Start 'em ignite 'em I walk through fire
Watch the flames start multiplyin' whoo! yeah
Alter a nigga nina talk to a nigga
Take a chunk outcha body like a shark bit a nigga
I'm awkward like Cartwright fuck wit a nigga
Shot ugly but my arch right come on dog bark bite
Fork in the road I'm always goin' right
Nowadays knowin' life ain't no more road lights
We can't see but we goin' make it to the finish line
It's right there the goal line right behind the scrimmage line
Touchdown check the scoreboard gimme mines
Semi 9 fit me fine hit a nigga twenty times
Damn then one more to the face (Bow!) just
So they close the casket like I pay to close the case
I'm made straight mafia shit, front line
Top rank ready to die for my shit and the obvious shit
If I talk about my rivals they'll probably get rich
So fuck 'em I'm a let 'em sit
And I ain't duckin' cause I'm right here, I'm just enough
I don't care who at the top of the stairs I'm steppin' up
See you fuckin' up the money baby that ain't good business
You startin' to look like a witness and this is
For the gangstas and the bitches the hustlers and the hoes
Crossover whatever mainstream know
'Cause Wayne thinks silent Wayne'll never fold
You heard it right here if the game was ever told
Lift up ya toes and look under a rug
Trust me there's history under all that dust
So deep down in the dirty there lies us (who?)
Yeah Cash Money Records and I'm still up front
Stunna pop a bottle baby peel us a blunt
Let's eat and talk about all the niggas we cut
But you know what? Lets not fuck up our lunch
That's real shit if you ever seen such
Chuch
"Tha mobb, nigga"