Ladies and gentlemen the Martian ambassador is gonna say a few words
yeah... what it is, what it is, what it iss, what it iss
yeahh... dj... Cinema... Marty Gras
I got em
yeah
I pop my trunk and everybody get to running,
The \"fireman\" bitch like my body in the oven.
I'm one egg short, I'm just tryin to get a dozen.
My name like honey, it got all the bitches buzzing.
The neck of the barrel is so long and narrow,
And it shoot a bunch, you just lunchin and munching like Farrel.
Bloodshot eye's on the sparrow,
I stay high, but on-point like an arrow.
Street nigga baby I'm in love with the gravel,
Money gives me life like the man with the gavel
I'm strapped at home, I'm strapped when I travel
I pop my trunk and make the bitches spread like cattle

i don't know if lil wayne would consider himself man of the year
i don't even know if he knows what year it is
when i met him in new Orleans he told me that after he retires in America
he plans to move to France and become a French hip-hop star
quotations quote and i quote, laugh now but later he said that's my slogan

Live from the 504 it's Mr. Crazy flow
Jumping like a bungee no rope
Even in the dungeon I glow
Even if ain't sunny I glow
If it ain't about money I go
Nowhere I'm nailed to the floor
Money controls where I go
It is the sail to my boat
And it's going down it's going down
Like there's a whale in the boat
See you can smell that I smoke
And yep I sip that lean
You hit me with that combination that make my eyes bleed
I'm a shark in the water yep I swim with the big
So I don't have time to deal with Willy the squid
L-lilly pad niggas l-look at the monster
Y-you don't want to crash like la la bamba
i could never go to hell cause im a take over bitch!
thats over like i dont want beef with that thats
they gotta leave me out that hip-hop shit man i rap real well dont leave it at that
im to talented to waste a damn mind on anybody else
i anit gotta talk about women and pussy
and how good i am in bed all day thats thats no exaggeration

I got them 24 inches, sittin on them Joe Buddens
And the trunk straight jumpin, bitch I can't hear nothin
And I might do the Spurs, sittin on them Tim Duncan's
And in the lambourgini, I do donuts like dunkin
How come every bad bitch with a pussy, wanna fuck 'em
But I just feed 'em drugs, and watch 'em fuck each other
My neck was 100, and my wrist was another
I make her pussy wet, I leave that bitch with a puddle
I'm a beast, I'm a dog, I should rap with a muzzle
Peyton Manning flow, I just go no huddle
Baby girl gettin straight dick, no cuddle
You know I'm out this world, I just bought a space shuttle.
Cinema
limited information available i have made three extrapolations
1 our Martian friend is a carbon based life form
2 he breaths nitrogen
3. The large cerebrum here indicates telepathic potential
you mean they can read our thoughts
potentially... yes