(feat. Gucci Mane)

[Lil Wayne:]
Man fuck these niggas
I'ma spare everything but these niggas
I flip the gun and gun butt these niggas
Take the knife off this AK and cut these niggas
Yeaah, and fuck these bitches, I swear I care about everything but these bitches, I don't care, I "so what" these bitches and I put young mula baby way above these bitches,
If it ain't broke don't break it and if he ain't shook, I'm gon shake em, I hope I don't look weak cause when a wolf cry wolf, you still see that wolf teeth muthafuckaa.

Futuristic handgun, if you act foul you get 2 shots and one, I'm at your face like lancome, hehe, you niggas softer than Rosanne son.
Hey, you cannot reach me on my samsung, I'm busy fucking the World and giving the Universe my damn tongue, crazy muthafucker I am one, but the crazy thing is, I began one, all white bricks, I'm straight like it's jumpin back to 36 nicka! big house, long hallways, got 10 bathrooms I can shit all day nigga

[Chorus:]
And we don't want no problems, ok your a goon, what's a goon to a goblin, yeah, n Kane on the beat, I fuck around and leave a niggas brains on the street, (ooooh) now pop dat pussy, I bring her to my bedroom to pop dat pussy, uh huh and we be steady mobbin, oh kimosabi, big ballin is my hobby.

[Gucci Mane:]
What the fuck is up, it's gucci mane the G, dats titty boy no pity boy big scarcity no city boy, So icey So No nike boy but just gucci, louis, prada, excuse me gucci mane keep shittin on me why that boy keep buyin jewelry East Atlanta cockin hammas bandanas on car antenas no we do not talk to strangers, just cut off these niggaz fanguz Gucci's armed and dangerous cocaine, codeine, and angel dust, This AK-47 will hit chu errwhere from the ankle up Clips same size as Nia Long, Clips long as a pringles can 4.5. Desert Eagle on me You would think I'm a eagles fan Toni Braxton sniper rifle make you never breath again Fuck that nigga Kill that nigga bring him back kill him again 

[Lil Wayne:]
Yeahh. The, the money is da motive, fuck with da money it get ugly as coyote, ok I'm reloaded, better pull it if you tote it, I buy a pound, break it down and put it in a stogie. Swagga so bright I don't even need light, I'm with a model broad she don't even eat rice, but would you believe it she dikes and she asked me for a pitcher so I gave her 3 strikes. 

I'm da man around this muthafucker, I'm so hot you probably catch a tan around this muthafucker, this rap game I got my hand around this muthafucker, yeah I said game, but I ain't playing around this muthafucker.
yeah I'm da best to ever do it bitch, and you the best at never doing shit, if you da shit then, I am sewer rich, try me I'll have your people reading Eulogies I swear you can't fuck with me, but I can fuck your girl and make her nutt for me then slut for me then kill for me, than steal for me and of course it'll be your cash, then I'll murda dat bitch and send her body back to your ass.

[Chorus]

Ahh, man suck my clip, swallow my bullets and don't you spit oooooooo, I am da hip hop socialist, life is a gamble and I'm all about my poker chips, do you want a dose of this I will make da most of this, F is for ferocious, murder your associates, the top is so appropriate, this is just where I belong, keep a hard dick for your girlfriend to wobble on, weezy.

[Chorus]