Teach-Me-How-To-Dougie-Single-:Cali Swag District
Aye! aye!*
Teach me how to dougie (aye!)

[Verse 1:]
They be like smooth (what?)
Can u teach me how to dougie?
You know why?
Cause all da bitches love me (aye)
All I need is a beat that's super bumpin
And for you, you, and you to back it up and dump it!
Put your arms out front, lean side to side
They gonna be on you when they see you hit dat dougie right?
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my bro from morningside
He go by bubba and he hit dat dance with thunder
I ain't from Dallas but I d-town boogie
I show my moves off and everybody tryn'a do me
I leave da function and all da ladies tryn'a screw me
You just do you and I'm a do me (all day)
Niggas love to hate so they try to screw me
Bitches be stuck to me I think they tryn'a glue me
I make the party shine bright when it start to boomin'
Dis beat was bubblegum so I had to chew it

[Chorus:]
Teach me how to dougie
T-teach me how to dougie
Teach me how to dougie
T-teach me how to dougie
All my bitches love me
All my, all my bitches love me
All my bitches love me
You ain't fuckin with my dougie!

[Verse 2:]
My name is young!
For da dudes who don't know me
I know I'm from da west but I can teach you how to dougie!
Step up in da club and all these bitches bug me
All da niggas dancin and none of them know me
I hear da crowd screamin like "aye! get it brody! "
So I'm on my and I take it real low
Dey like "how you da dat? " he can dougie on the floor
And when dat nigga stop they like "dougie somemore! "
I'm like a nigga kinda tired so, I pass it to da bro!
M-bone! show these cats how to do dat down south dance
Dat we learned a lil too fastand bought it to da hood
And got da whole crew askin...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Back of the party ion really like to boogie
I'm just tryna get bent and meet a thick redbone
(Mmm) we do da dougie and da niggas hatin but I'm bout
To act a skateboard a bitch and head home (fuck it)
She bout to dougie and hit with 2 hands
And I run it run it even if her legs long
She like you my hubby and I think she love me but,
I change da subject and I do my dougie
But, ion give a fuck, blow trees, get money
Leave 2 heifers feinin like sum playboy bunnies
Dey gon make us do da dougie in da middle of da dance
And when I asked for some head da bitch looked at me funny
Bye! bitch you can't tell me nothin starr baked da beat
And I just took it out the oven, I just hit the dougie when everybody
Clubbin and I hate skinny jeans cause da burner keep rubbin! (oh!)