N-B-C-:Charli Baltimore
This is the way it should sound

Ya heard
(What? What?)
Yo B, we don't even like half these faggot niggas anyway
(What? What? What?)

I'm on my own muthafuckin' wheel
(Yeah, what? What? What?)
You know What I'm sayin'?
The real shit, you know B

My black family
(What? What? What?)
Slick Finga
(Clah, clah, clah)

Harlem World eatin'
(Yeah, yeah)
Charli Baltimore
(What? What? What?)

Nore
(Yeah, yeah, what? What? What?)
Cam'Ron nigga
(Yeah, yeah)

Killa Cam nigga
(What? What? What?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yo, all my rhymes, I rip it, the song had to clip it
The cats in the street, nearly killing over snippets
Birds gotta feed 'em bread, so he can eat her head
I'm almost 21 but I still pee in the bed

Had to fleed the FED's, all be trife
And I got a crush on Edith
(Who, Archie's wife)

Yo not monogamy, pornography
On the outside, like an apostrophe
Tell my girls, I really like photography

Snap shots naked, the wildest boss
First night, head whop and our salads tossed
While you in a mean neon, I'm with Celine Dion
Throw her in the bed, she the next one I pee on

Say What? Bitch, phase two, yeah yeah
What? What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What? What? What?
What? What? What?

Split that ass yo, split that ass
Yeah uh, What? Yo yo yo

Yo, N.O.R.E., fuck y'all, niggas get hurt
You know I rock a Soul Train wit' a Cam'Ron's shirt
Doin' cartwheels, all my niggas got Hot Wheels
You a double A R god, the bluntiest

You know we throw away blunts for my niggas that's dead
Pour a law liqour, drink a long ligga
Then again, I never beat for my nigga, Digga

You know I got, navigators, so we won't get lost
N.O.R.E, these Queens niggas call me the Force
At the arraignment, Thugged Out

Undertainment, for the lawyer
Fuck 'em and the judge saves it
And I did every crime
Nigga, name it

Fools ain't ever know, the ghetto's be the baddest click
Charli's Angels tangle with Devil's Advocate
Hoes mad 'cause our pussy's got the fattest clits
It's some status shit, how we gon' have a bitch

Under pressure, the Un undress her
That's a tester that's just the best flirt to the best skirt
Ever make it to networks
Like N.B.C., N.O.R.E., B'More and Cam'Ron

Anything we put our hands on,
Soak up like a tampon, plan on
For puttin' out the hottest LP's
Since shit yo, you gon' have to tell me

'Cause this is hip hop, meneaja twat
And ya'll jealous 'cause What?
I'm fuckin' wit' the two hottest Underground fellas
What?

Aiyo Iraq, Harlem World, Philly, San Juan
Un-shit; N.O.R.E., Charli, Cam'Ron
Mansions, 6's, Richies, plan on
Cali, Houston, New York, jam on

Aiyo Iraq, Harlem World, Philly, San Juan
Un-shit; N.O.R.E., Charli, Cam'Ron
Atlanta, Chi-Town, V.A., plan on
D.C., N.C., S.C., jam on

What?

Yo, all on the ballers shit, N.O.R.E but we could call a chick
Head is what we all could get, biggest to the smallest dick
She gon' swallow all of it, Harlem gon' have a ball with that
After I get her pregnant, yo, we goin' to the mall with it

Yeah nigga, you know the lie, fuck that bitch
The only reason I don't kiss her is cause she sucked his dick
And I don't even trust, ourself bro, fuck dat hoe
Pussy stinkin' anyway, let her go

Yo ya'll niggas stay fuckin' with them grimmy chicks
On the real though, I wonder where ya'll find these chicks
The rest is evident, I'm the type to split on niggas
But if they right, I'll fuck around and spit on niggas

And if they into that hot shit, I might let 'em hit my spot quick
But first they gotta pop shit
If not then they gettin' drop kicked and I like 'em all
Black Jack ya'll, near 21, all others gettin' cut, cut
So be it, you see me

Aiyo Iraq, Harlem World, Philly, San Juan
Un-shit; N.O.R.E., Charli, Cam'Ron
Mansions, 6's, Richies, plan on
Cali, Houston, New York, jam on

Aiyo Iraq, Harlem World, Philly, San Juan
Un-shit; N.O.R.E., Charli, Cam'Ron
Atlanta, Chi-Town, V.A., plan on
D.C., N.C., S.C., jam on

Aiyo Iraq, Harlem World, Philly, San Juan
Un-shit, N.O.R.E., Charli, Cam'Ron
Mansions, 6's, Richies, plan on
Cali, Houston, New York, jam on

Aiyo Iraq, Harlem World, Philly, San Juan
Un-shit, N.O.R.E., Charli, Cam'Ron
Atlanta, Chi-Town, V.A., plan on
D.C., N.C., S.C., jam on

What?