Ruff-Ryder-s-Anthem-remix-:DJ Clue
Dj Clue
The Professional [clean]
Ruff Ryder's Anthem (remix)
This thing right here.. (yeah yeah)
Is for my peoples in the streets.. (ha hah) swizz beats (uh-huh)
And this thing right here.. (ruff ryders)
Will get your ass off your feet (remix! .. c'mon)

[drag-on]
They call me drag-on, when it's time to bomb
I burn em all, til they all say turn em off
Cause these chips, i'ma run em all
Chickenheads, know i, be the colonel
Cause i burn eternal, mixed wit the inferno
So be careful, 'fore i burn you
You better learn dude, yeah i heard you
But i'ma hurt you, but you don't know?
My versatile, is a virtue
Ruff ryders be the team, which means
A lot cream, lot of schemes
Lot of beams to make your stock drop, right on the seams
Nigga here is too hot and too much for you to touch
Better tell your man cause i'm too tough
Indubitably, too dust
Do you bust?  cause we do
You need to ask the people, but quietly
But they don't believe until they leave violently
Is you buying this?
Cause niggaz that purchased is under the dirt kid
They call me drag-on; i'm the youngest but get bonkers
Collabo' wit my dogs from yonkers
But this bronx bomber's spittin flame
So you better wear your armor
Flame on!

Chorus: dmx (repeat 2x)

My dogs gon' stop, your dogs gon' drop
And then we gon' shut em down, open up shop
First we had em like ohhh, now they like nooo
What baby?!!  that's how ruff ryders roll

[jadakiss]
When i pop up, i lock shop up, pull the drop up
Park a block up, hit the alarm, put the top up
Stash the 'dro in my sock then pull my sock up
And keep the burner but if it's hot put my glock up
You know what i'm about, slidin off get my cock sucked
Or writin rhymes watching scarface in the hot tub
Whatchu wanna bet, when i pull it out
If you don't shout that every bullet'll go in and out
Who you know besides 'kiss take the piss in the bottle of crist'
And then give it to a modelin bitch
And you like your watch plain, i'ma flood mine
Alligator bloodline trained to find coke and bite one time

[styles]
Y'all niggaz ain't hearin me out, til i pop up
Appear in your house, clearin it out, holiday style
Everybody actin violent and wild
Snatch the wife silence the child, that's how we move
Kill me my man kill you, that's how you lose
I ruff ryde, i don't like to slide felt that i slipped
Then the gun's only helpin the clip
And the clip's only helpin my hand
And like who the fuck is helpin your man?
When i cock back and hop out the van
Double r, get a job, play the shit in the car
Hit a party start a fight at the bar, and snatch your r
Sell your shit for some coke and get the fuck out of dodge

[eve]
Guess you figured that my niggaz, flippers, pullin triggers
News team crowd around, tryin to flick a picture
Get witcha, this bitch from illadelph marches quicker
Nigga not makin sense better stay up off the liquor
Blonde bombshell, car-a-mel, heavy spender
Groups be sayin i'm they sister, hush ya mouth 'fore i hit ya
Stickin in wiseguys, fake thugs, and bullshitters
Take you for a ride, cover up your eye, then i get ya
Used to be shy-er, now i'ma ruff ryder
Big niggaz play me close, when they used to ride by her
Snatchin up your figures, frontin, know you dig us
Haters, screamin, "who that bitch?" (uhh, uhh)
Mind your business nigga

Chorus

[dj clue * talking over chorus *]
Yeah!!  dj clue!
The professional!  part one
C'mon!  mad shout out, donnie brascoe
Big skate, duro..  clue!

[dmx]
Uhh, uhh, uhh..
The x is gonna hit y'all niggaz hard, leave y'all niggaz scarred
Fuckin with the dog when you fuckin with the god
Rip y'all niggaz off, faggot niggaz soft
Remember me from up north, i had you scared to cough
My name is ringin bells, in penitentiary cells
I'm making thugs rebel, ain't hard to tell
You never really wanted it, so the mic you jumped in front of it
Outta sixteen shots i'ma hit, which one of you niggaz am i gonna get
Thought you knew what i was gonna spit, this time with this rhyme
But by the end of it, y'all niggaz is gon' be like, "yo x ripped it!"
Did my thing as usual it's never gon' stop
Them cats can't be for real, i got this shit locked!
Is that a game or a joke?  say the name or get smoked
Simple as that, simple as black, to the throat
Hit em all up to the coat, now you losin your life
(grrrrrr) a dog is a dog for life!