Stuck-in-a-Kodak:Kalin And Myles
We out here!
Stuck in a Kodak
But it seems like today everyone is so distracted by
Something that hasnt happened
Just updated with no action and
Time is passing! Youre only gonna be young once!
If you dont stop and look around
You might miss something that you shouldve done
Uh, every time you come around
I dont ever hear one word you say, cause Im so lost
Tom Hanks, castaway
Ocean blue eyes, Im captivated!
And do you remember the time that I told you Id be here whenever?
Cause I wont forget your response,
When you said I should stay here forever!
And I aint talking about cartoons, but you know Im drawn to you, yeah
Love doesnt work by itself
Its like chains in these suits!
And Im not just rapping
If I could write down every thought in my heart, yeah
I could show you thats how it happens
Got me up all night, cup caking
Random discussion about who knows what love is
Yeah, I got ideas, but thats all just because its from you
And how you make me feel
Like nothing else matters,
And for a moment its like time stands still.
Its like Im stuck in the Kodak
Its like Im stuck with you!
Stuck in the Kodak, yeah
Its like Im stuck in the Kodak
Its like Im stuck with you, yeah!
You know Im stuck in a Kodak!
Its me and you, yeah, yeah, uh!
Stuck in a Kodak
So round it up, lets get ready to go
Snap flash you and me together, time going slow and you know
That I can be there in a minute,
If you need it, Imma give it to you!
Cause when we kick it and were kissing,
Yeah, the feeling is true!
We make the sunsets get jealous
Its attraction, distraction, whenever youre in my presence,
Cause baby I, I dont know if you know this,
But all the little things about you dont go unnoticed!
So just keep doing what youre doing
Ill be right here with you and
We just vibing, we cruising.
These moments can go in a flash
So make sure that youre making them last, last!
Cause when Im with you
Its like Im stuck in the Kodak
Its like Im stuck with you!
Stuck in the Kodak, yeah
Its like Im stuck in the Kodak
Its like Im stuck with you, girl
You know Im stuck in a Kodak!
Its me and you, yeah, yeah, uh!
Stuck in a Kodak!