Banned-in-the-U-S-A-:Luke
[Government of the people]
[For the people]
[By the people]

News reporter:
Earlier today in Broward County, appalling court
Judges upheld the previous
Ruling to ban the sale of Miami rap group the 2 Live Crew's
Double-platinum album, "Nasty As They Wanna Be," in Broward County

"We think it's the banning of free speech. First Amendment protects
Material, resultably."

Luke (being interviewed):
"We don't talk about, uh, harrassing and sexually brutalizing women in
My music, man!"
"We don't do that in my music, man! I'm tired of you saying that!"

Verse 1: Fresh Kid Ice
We've got white-collar people trying to grab our style
Saying we're too nasty and we're 2 Live
Corrupted politicians playing games
Bringing us down to boost their fame
They must be joking thinking we will fall
But they're like flies movin' the wall
We stand tall from beginning to end
With the help from fans and all our friends
Freedom of speech will never die
For us to help, our ancestors died
Don't keep thinking that we will quit
We'll always stand and never sit
We're 2 live, 2 black, 2 strong
Doing the right thing, and not the wrong
So listen up, y'all, to what we say
We won't be banned in the U.S.A.!

Reporter:
"Luke's concerts are for adults"
Luke (being interviewed):
"If it's an adult show you have to be 18"
"Our record is a year old, but with all the publicity, there's a lot of
People ... curiosity is around!"
"We're selling records to a totally different audience."
"I take a precaution that nobody else has not stickered my album, I made

TWO versions"

Verse 2: Brother Marquis
The First Amendment gave us freedom of speech
So what you sayin'? It didn't include me?
I like to party and have a good time
There's nothin' but pleasure written in our rhyme
I know you don't think we'll ever quit
We've got some people on our side who won't take your lip
We're gonna do all the things we wanna do
You can't stand to see a brother get as rich as you
This is the 90s and we're conin' on strong
Sayin' things and doin' things that you're sayin's wrong
Wisen up, cause on Election Day
We'll see who's banned in the U.S.A.!

[The United States of America]
[Government of the people]
[The United States of America]
[For the people]
[The United States of America]
[By the people]
[By the people]

Luke (being interviewed):
"The show in Hollywood, that was for 21-and-over people, they had police
Out there, cars of the people coming in the club, and they still
Arrested us for performing in front of adults!"

Luke's speech:
What is this?? Is this not America? This is not China! This is not
Russia! This is not the place where they brought down the wall, this is

America! We have the right to say what we want to say, we have the right
To do what we want to do, and what I do in my house
You might not do in your house!
So what I do in my house is my business! And the simple fact
Of it all is that we are BONDED by the First Amendment! We have the
Freedom of EXPRESSION! We have the freedom of CHOICE! And you
Chinese, black, green, purple, Jew
YOU have the right to listen to whoever
You want to, and even the 2 Live Crew! So all you right-wingers, left-
Wingers, bigots, Communists, there IS a place for you in this world!
Because this is the land of the FREE, the home of the BRAVE! And 2 Live

Is what we are!