Odds:Rocko
What's the odds? What's the odds?
What's the odds? What's the odds?
What's the odds? What's the odds?

Rounding round in the streets,
hustling you know what I do, you know me
once it picking roll, five for week
once you're tryin to make the odds..
shit they was against me
had my promise in the penitentiary,
what's the odds so you're making me
you gotta chamble what's the odds so you're taking me,
they could tick high speak, I say fuck you I'm unique
I said fuck you bitch I can bitch,
swear I go hard dog, I'ma a art ball.
Say odds stack the kiss me they think I'ma fail,
I'll be like oh yeah, snow balling hill,
sponsored links
the odds of that happening impossible,
lose it I check and do it, it's the..

What's the odds, if you try me,
What's the odds, me not come for you
What's the odds, ..now and it whatever I try to do
What's the odds, of a young nigga I comfort nasty
What's the odds, took a couple chessy,
What's the odds, I made it softly,
What's the odds, yeah

These niggas see they up but all the guys in here start
A1 ..PG ..we just start,
we some ..I got sin yard
the street respected real not to fake, I got superior,
1357 and the 9, 11 shooters ride,
on Friday 13 Jason right beside me,
but a carpet 15, 17 in my name, 19 in..
I recall I used to play 21 dream in being 23
last thing you know I was 25 I sold it for 27
riding out I wish I had 9, what you know about 31s,
what's the odds me being free at the age of 33
34, 35 February where you can see,
nigga broke in throw the.. you know I had the key to evil
you're tried me, me not get get back,
watch your fucking mind, what's the odds to that.

What's the odds, if you try me,
What's the odds, me not come for you
What's the odds, ..now and it whatever I try to do
What's the odds, of a young nigga I comfort nasty
What's the odds, took a couple chessy,
What's the odds, I made it softly,
What's the odds, yeah

You know sometime you got to go against the odds,
you know sometimes you gotta go park you know fuck it,
go against go all odds,
you know hey, yeah
I'm just an odd ball, tryin to make an odd evil
you know what I mean,
got hit it hard,
yeah never call it my bluff nigga,
I'm going all in, yeah
yall niggas too scared they ain't try a lot
we fuck, eyes ball
don't you try to make the eye evil
uh, shit
Aren't you tryin to make the odds evil?