Punk-Bitch:Too $hort
Write me a little 'Save a hoe' speech
All these fake-ass hoes, fake punk-ass bitches
Do you know what I mean, Vern?
Fuckin? 'em up like that, man
$hort Dog? s in the house, bitch

She? s a punk-ass bitch, hoe, tramp and a slut
Took her to the motel just to fuck
Last night she licked all on my balls
Pussy got wet like Niagara-falls

Dropped my drawls and the bitch said,? Shit?
Skinny mothafucka with a fat-ass dick
It? s like a T-P-treatment, tongue so fast
From the tip of my head to the crack of my ass

She got busy so I called the crew
You bitches know what to do
Hoes try to front like they ain? t no tramps
Try to get the pussy and she say you can? t

Me and my partners we got that game
Check a square-ass bitch and make her throw that thang
You wine and dine that nasty freak
Dropped her off and got a kiss on the cheek

You never even knew how she ran in the house
Jumped on the phone, started burnin? me out
She kept beepin? so I made the call
Bitch on the phone, jackin? off

Sounded like she was havin? fun
Playin? with her pearl tongue
I said,? Bitch, I? m on my way?
I give it to you, homeboy, play by play

She had on polka dots with a miniskirt
Jumped in the car, straight went to work
I must to bust two nuts, back to back
Never seen a bitch work head like that

She had me jumpin? out of my seat
Workin? her jaws to the beat
She was a good dick sucker, I can? t lie
Sucked so good I thought I? d die

Bitch blew me up, blew me down
All the way back to the Oakland-town
Baby started singin?,? I love you?
Tellin? me things she wanted to do

If I needed some money, come to her
Anythin' I want is everythin? I? m worth
And you know what I said? I told the bitch
I said,? Bitch, I? m rich?

Fuck these hoes, man
I ain? t trippin?
I? m like Al
Long-hair suckers

I know you? re fine, bitch but you got no cash
You need to get a job but you're lazy-ass
Quit tryin' to juice me up, I ain? t no punk
I put you in the rap with some serious funk

I wouldn? t buy you a car, no diamonds and shit
All the time talkin? about your fake-ass gifts
George bought you a ring, John bought you a chain
Bitch, I? m buyin? you an ounce of this game

You better take it and shut the fuck up
Stop runnin? your mouth like a sucka
'Cause you? s a punk bitch, it shows a mile away
Everythin? you do and everythin? you say
Makes you a punk bitch, no good, no doubt
All I gotta do is stick a dick in your mouth

Wanna give up the pussy, bitch, I? ll pass
You? re too slim, I like your mama? s ass
Pops came home, came up short
Found me in the back room, fuckin? 'em both
Now I? m the step-daddy and the son-in-law
You call me Too $hort, they call me too raw

I creep out one room into the next
Nothin? goin? on but some serious sex
Some of these hoes might think I? m played
Bald-head bitch need some dookie braids
'Cause that nappy-hair don? t even hit

What? s cookin? in the kitchen on the back of your neck
Well, like you burned the rise and wanna front on me
You could never fuck with $hort, baby
I? m from the O A K L A N D, I slap you in the face with reality

These punk-ass hoes out here are sick
Have ya walkin' round with a drippy dick
So beautiful fine young thang, to get that cock was just like a dream
But now three days later ask Kool Moe
You feel the burnin? sensation down below

You? re the true blue victim of a punk-ass bitch
Thought she was a square and she gave you the shit
So for all you hoes that live like this
All the homies in the house say,? Punk-ass bitch?