Firestarter:YelaWolf
Hook:
I'm a firestarter! Hot damn!
That's why everyday I'm cold, they're trying to put me up
Bitch, I'm a firestarter, hot damn!
Put this fires out of control and bitch you can put me up
Uh, uh, uh, I'm a firestarter,
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, I'm a problem!
Uh, uh, uh, I'm a firestarter,
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, I'm a problem!

Sticks and stones and bricks and bones
Lift them on, get all them...
Speaking my wishes, I wish I'd be caught
But the coke and the... take me Rose!
Reaching my own shit, ready to hang me down
You're an original, you know when you're standing out
You just staying around, ready for God just like a...
Pulling your panties out, oh!
...no more, the water like a doc for the season...
The harder they pay...gets
Call me a mother, I'm speaking my language
Chain this, bang this, .... to get painless
While I stay over the money, bend like a... lift
Put a thousand... to pay with
I didn't know I give you many colors to paint with
....couple machine with my fucking painting
So go ahead, make your changes
I'll be back in the booth with a fucking flame lit!
A five star, betting on fine water
You don't know me,son, like I don't know my fault!

You just gotta relax, homie, yeah!
Breathe in and breathe
Breathe in and breathe out
This is far in me and ain't going out
Breathe in and breathe out
I was born to be this shit
Breathe in and breathe out
Just gotta realize

Cause all my life I've been a firestarter
I don't know what it is apart my soul that's got me hot and bothered
Somebody found me..., somebody found me...
Cause I'm hotter than a preacher starter,
Hotter than dry leaves in August
Yeah, I'm a firestarter!
Yeah, I'm a problem!
Yeah, I'm a firestarter!
Yeah, I'm a problem!

And I'm dulling
Better pick the telephone, we're calling
Check this... about calling
Act to the..run for the office
In the back window still...
They can't clap it, no, think of...
Choppers always, poppers...
Death to my haters, say bitch in your coffin
Death to them coffin, ten toes down motherfucker I'm howling
You paid two mortgage deposits
Remind yourself... is an auction
Do it once, do it twice, 25-35-50-55, bowling!
Better take you when...
Pop music is a piece of gold
Uh, yeay! Take you to the truck and do it in the day
What you got there now that it get...
The white Porsche red-neck, uh
With all due respect, so run it back to your goldest day
Sit, roll it like day
Sex to the girls, bathroom nightmare
Sits back in the line
We already know who make these!

Hook:
Firestarter, sweet dream, sweet dreams
Bitch, I'm a firestarter, sweet dream, sweet dreams
Uh, uh, uh, I'm a firestarter,
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, I'm a problem!
Uh, uh, uh, I'm a firestarter,
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, I'm a problem!
Put this fires out of control and bitch you can put me up