Shoe-Box-Memories:Calvin Crabtree
Tracks still coming, Tears still running.
Still wondering remising, pull my shoebox out from under the bed.
Letters I've read before, Just keep them threw out the years.
The emotion running threw me as I reed once again.
NOTHING!
Seems that's all that's left, with everyone come stress, joy,
Felling's I cant explain.
Out of all these ex-dames none still around.
Makes me not want love,
Butt still I search and always end up heart.
In the heat of the passion and good times is what i remember.
Seems they cant let go its holding me back
From how they only talk and bring up the bad parts of the past .
Its trash in the form of talk lady's nee to throw it out.
What big Calvin's bout?
Love loyalty honesty, Looking at what's wrote and how
it turned out I cant believe.
Now I find it hard to trust.
Was in the land of the lost just got lust.
What the fuck?
x2
Shoebox so full
My hearts empty
Body full of stress
But what's next
Shoebox so full
My hears empty
Body full of stress
The letters,... Why I still keep them?
Maybe to find out there pattern, I did figure it out!
They don't want love just a man with more clout,
and a team of shit talkers convincing them I aint no good.
Just a normal man aint representing no hood.
Not a robber just an author
Speaking poetry to the sound of music.
Letters so confusing,...
Am I even a memory to them?
Not even still a friend.

Loss of contact all tho its to late to keep in touch,
Got so many letters it could keep me busy for months.
All the stunts and antic you figure I wouldn't fall for these tricks.
I'm soft in heart strong in mind,
So deceiving hart telling what when on when I was sleeping in my own bed.
It stained my feelings and the way I approach women.
I'm still living to them I must bee dead.
Probably had a fake funeral just to not show up.
I'm on the edge!
x4
Shoebox so full
My hearts empty
Body full of stress
But whats next
Shoebox so full
My hears empty
Body full of stress
I wonder sometimes how they could let it all go.
Letters seem so happy.
What exactly was on there mind?
I cant tell.
Never will able.
Lyrics running like water,
But they gone with the wind,
Stuck in sin.
Wishing a real woman would step up and throw them away.
Bring them better days.
I'm only 19 just don't want to get to where its to late.
Treat women like I'm casanova you just a pretender in vain.
Girls went from loving and innocent to insane.
For a few I acted the same way only during the break up.
In my mind I know most where sent only to make an illusion that I'm evil.
Not a show no encore.
They either get with the next man,
or go play someone else when there friend are wanting more.
What a sick thing to watch!
Some girls even made me lose my closest boys.
A game so funny they happy in misery I'm happy with nothing.