Shrimp-Fried-Rice:Casual
" Just so your bookie dont overlook me/ I still rock a show with rookies. The flow is cookies-1
Dipped in milk. Spiderman dipped in silk, I gansta lean and lift the tilt-2
sitting mic check ace duce/see the seven duce Monte Carlo? Yeah, thats the Grey Goose-3
I'll right hand your hype man, While the crew bogart yours bodyguard.-4
you so hard Yakuza leave ya body scared. Sten shooter glock user rocking Pac music-4
See the mac flow over ya/The gat blow, Joe, You'll see so many arms you'll get arachnophobia!!-5
the black foe', Shut shit like the Lac doe' normally laid back but he's on thee attack-6
Its the Cheikh Anta, Diop of Hip hop. The Rhyming Van Sertima. Lock Jaw User Maat-Ra Setepen-Ra. -7
The planned murderer of land burglars. It's the Twa the first steller people- 8
Nigga we the Bes, Rome next to the Olmecs. Who told the secrets to the masons?-9
Ra Fried my pineal with no apron. Tahiti scriptures. rappers try and boobie trap us.-10
But we're truly viscous wild and unruly with it/ Rap songs-animated-Pixar Movie pictures!!- 11
on the utmost-est/ reign like the third Tutmoses-12

With the Tongue play/
I place words in the beats when its heard in the streets
its like audible Fung Shui-1
where tennis shoes hanging from electric wires/
corner store wall paper? neglected fliers.-2
and you expect the liars to rectify us?
When cops come around, they petrify us?-2
your impious wont deny Us pious/
we only understand the hieghts of the highest-3
yo, who's the most treacherous? Son the flows effortless. Wonderful, wet-tundra-flow, The essence is excellence-4
drop bombs under yo bungalow. Heavy flow bro don't get caught in the undertow!!-5
You got fans that would be irresponsible.
most rappers know so they fear the monster!-6
boy wet. Saturated. Hydrated. I vibrated up out of my physical a wizard to you pseudo-lyrical misfits,-7
this is more than a band/
These are Signs and Symbols of Primordial Man-8
Smash rock & Toure', Twice your life span

In Oakland the other day 4 cops got wasted/
I was spitting raps to re' shit in my basement-1
I shine luminous. Rhyme Catalog numerous.
The Lunar Polar and Solar mic controller-2
Not a Kabbalah follower the crown chakra rocker gotta meditate to elevate then educate the feather weight!!-3
y'all betta wait, fa Casual next album, and if it don't drop.. It levitates!-4
the best flow just so celestial boy I spit helium. IF you don't know god then I'm the medium for meeting him-5
Fulla game still will pulla thang guerrilla killa aim...
my raps float over tracks like the Bullet Train-6
I have to squeeze big lyrics in micro phones, I need a macro-phone-7
you tour is like a Apple phone; 16gigs for 3G's? you should have stayed back at home-8