Axiom:Ces Cru
Ubiquitous
Wake your mind up, you feel the earth spinnin?
You heard your voice was insignificant, I heard different
Committed people change the world even in small groups
It's the only way that it happens man it's all truth
John Lennon knew it and Martin Luther knew it
The truth is you find it inside the heart of any human
So if you're ready do it, unlock it and set it free
Rest in peace, Jack and Bobby Kennedy, let it be
Where did Amphetamine originate? It's man made!
The war on drugs is just a motherfuckin band aid
And you've been fed lies, caught up in the head lights
I'm bout to break bad, Walter White tread light
Waitin at red lights, sit for the control system
Heroin addicts smack their arm and go to soul prison
Discard a dream for that sweet fix, feed addiction
And we don't read directions, … or need prescriptions
I know a lot of people out there don't believe in us
What freedom is, freedom was or what it even does
We'll see what's up when the score finally evens up
And these corrupted leaders pay
For all the ways they treated us
I know…

Truth is something we may never know
Someday we'll be free and take control

Godemis???? of the line???? define the mind
They don't wanna sit time
Or hear the warning on time
I'm fronting on these enemies
Creeping up from behind
Believe it then repeat it
Proceeding to lead the blind

Godemis
These aren't the arches, regardless, you gotta love it
It's either that or leave it so pray to the God above it
They wish for crowns and heaven
With brethren I got a budget
Open the cellar door to escape and somebody shut it
And what I inhale is a little more than Kim Trails
No matter what I puff and burn I'm never fly as Denzel
But if it's true to you that I deserve the fire in hell
They must have made you executioner you got the intel
And hearing men fails, stood up against and then failed
Their actions will go unnoticed
That's even if they meant well
I drive a point, going hammer at it when it's nail
The haters mad at me as if I'm the reason that ship sailed
You'll never catch me in the pixie
I ain't gettin' near 'em
I know they make diss tracks about me
But I'll never hear 'em
Sometimes I roll up and wonder where do I get it
This uncontrollable urge of the driving force of my spirit
To clear it up it's a habit
I feel at peace when I'm on it
Wrestled with it at times but I couldn't stop if I wanted
My blood is in the pen, leave the vellum with every drop
And I know they pray that I quit
It's the reason I never stop
Rotten 'til I'm rocking
Like fuck the spot that I'm not in
I feel double O-T if in everybody was jockin'
They come to pick my brain
For the answers like I was plottin'
The difference is that my album's droppin'
So who you mockin'?

Truth is something we may never know
Someday we'll be free and take control

Godemis????? of the line???? define the mind
They don't wanna sit time
Or hear the warning on time
I'm fronting on these enemies
Creeping up from behind
Believe it then repeat it
Proceeding to lead the blind