Champagne:Chris Rock
Yo man R and B sucks!
I mean there's a couple of people that can flow
But for the most part the genre sucks
Just a bunch of people singin' over rap beats
Get a old rap record? Sing over it!

Now everybody talk about their label, label this, label that
Hey, Smokey Robinson wasn't singin' about Motown!
Listen the Isley Brothers wasn't goin'
'Teaneck in the motherfuckin' house!'
The Jacksons wasn't singin' about Epic because nobody gave a fuck!
Hey, it's time for a record! Here goes!

Ladies and gentlemen, I am the Bluff Daddy
And this is a Black Boy exclusive
Black Boy make you jump for joy
Black Boy make you jump for joy, sing!

I love champagne, feels good to my brain baby
  (Black)
I love champagne, drink it in the rain
  (What you drinkin'?)
I love champagne, say it once again
  (Say it)
I love champagne
Yo, baby you got any money?

Nigga I'm broke and feelin' kinda thirsty
(Too bad)
Just smoked a blunt and I feel the worst way
(Black Boy)
My baby's father brought me a case of St. Ide's
(Did you like it?)
I said, "I don't drink that shit nigga, you better recognize!"
(Cristal)

Would you let the lady finish the song? Big hats

Now I'm a broke hoe with expensive tastes
(You're my hoe)
I got six ankle chains around my waist
  (Who bought them for you baby?
Gotta get my sip on, 'cause that's my mission
  (You gotta get)
Gotta get my champagne on, or I'm gonna get my bitch on
(That's right)

I love champagne, feels good to my brain baby
I love champagne, drink it in the rain
  (Cristal)
I love champagne, say it once again
  (Say it again)
I love champagne, once again
Ladies and gentlemen, Freedom Williams

Enter the Dome of Perignon, I never been crept upon
I'm on the mike and my word is bond
I'm the top the pinnacle, the echelon
I'm never fallin' and beat MC's with a baton
  (C'mon)

The connoisseur, I'm gonna do her over dinner
  (Black Boy make you jump for joy)
I said 'Fine cigars, fresh fish, Alize toast"
  (Black Boy make you jump for joy)
My life style's ghost, when you see true enlightened men
  (Black Boy make you jump for joy, Black Boy make you jump for joy)
To MC's I incite and mend

What? Motherfucker what the fuck? I'm the king, I'm the king
Fuck who the hell are you? I'm the king
I'm only gonna ask one last time, who the fuck are you? I'm the king
Stop hitting me! Stop! Who da bumba claat? Oh, shit
For someone who is a Shaolin Monk your Kung-Fu's really lousy!
Boy, I'm three generations deep in gangsterdom, three generations!