Totally-Addicted-To-Plaice:Chris Moyles
I got two pale hands and I got a knife and fork,
I've had enough of meat don't want any pork.
Feelings in my tummy sending signals to my brain,
I'm craving for another plate of fish again.
I'm walking down to my local shop,
There's nothing in my way to make me stop.
They too hunger like me,
They too hunger for the fish in the sea.

Listening to the radio and turning up the bass,
God that fishy smell it puts a smile on my face.
I know that when I tell you that you'll think I'm a headcase,
What about my weakness I'm totally addicted to plaice.

Fishy Wishy
Totally addicted to plaice,
Fishy Wishy

Fishy Wishy
Fishy Wishy

I know that you might think it's odd,
I can't sleep till I've had my cod.
And when it comes to my fish it really doesn't matter,
As long as it is cooked in deep fried batter.
I should be doing time,
But the taste of the fish to me is divine.
In my mind I'm not craving gammon,
But you will see me smile when I see salmon.

Standing in the queue and the fish are looking yummy,
Can't wait to have that haddock swimming in my tummy.
Surrounded by so many and they're staring at my face,
They're picking up my problem, I'm totally addicted to plaice.

Fishy Wishy
Totally addicted to plaice,
Fishy Wishy

Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, Fishy Wishy
Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, it's tacky but it rhymes
Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, Fishy Fishy
Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, it's tacky but it rhymes

Someone's at my window looking right at me,
I'm hoping it's a fishy I can eat for free.
Suddenly I realise and I think that I am wrong,
I haven't had a fishy now for so long.
I'm going down to the sea below,
And all the little fishys are putting on a show.
The goldfish are dressed up to the nines,
The thought of eating goldfish is so fine.

Suddenly I'm back and I am standing in the chippy,
The fella who was serving me is getting very lippy.
My hunger's getting desperate so I smack him in the face,
Don't even try to stop me I'm totally addicted to plaice.

Fishy Wishy
Everyone's addicted to plaice
Fishy Fishy

Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, Fishy Fishy
Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, (Fishy Fishy) it's tacky but it rhymes
Your 'bass'line is shooting up my spine, Fishy Fishy