Mr-Pigface:Crooked I
{COB is my religion. I was raised in the world that wants to see you dead or locked up. What they have to do is lost. Pigface Weapon Waist nigga}

I won't be finished 'til I'm mentioned with the best ever
I rock a record like I'm a mirror of Def Leppard
I keep my eyes on my prey like I'm a deaf leopard
You better crown me or I'll jump you like a red checker
Chop your head off I aim (fifths?) and circum-
-cize all of you guys 'cause it ain't shit to merk 'em
I look into their eyes and see the same bitch that birthed 'em
Pussy I'm deranged I'm insane ('cept the circum?)
Pain mixed with anguish my language is gay mixed
With heinous dangerous spit, I shit you an anus
Nigga I'm idiotic and really got it
You fuck with me and them bullets will be movin' quick as Sonic
I'm hangin' out the window like a nigga finna vomit
Gin and tonic gun sound like an ashtray hit a comet
Yesterday I was loadin' my pistol on my Mama's couch
Thought about my fucked up life and yelled Slaughterhouse

{The beast was crazy. The Pigface Weapon Waist. The belly of the beast gave birth to a menace. Now they can't control me}

I kill you with no strings attached this is Wi-Fi
'Til the wheels fall off, I'm down to do the drive-by
Not to be cocky but I'm gooned up, why lie
That's why I got the upper hand like a high-five
Bet you never seen chrome checks
I make a call I get your pussies touched call it phone sex
Ain't no tellin' what I'm on next
Long texts from your wife tornado dick I home wrecks
I have that bitch sellin' her coochie lips, bourgie chicks
Get the coke nose 'til they load it as my oozy clip
Even broke hoes on the groupie shit
Pretty as a beauty tip get the Max Julien movie script
Welcome to my world, hot iron shots firin'
Cops tryin' to stop on my time
I drop block signs and after I'm gone I'll picture hip-hop cryin'
Like they did with B.I.G. and Pac dyin', I'm not lyin'

{For every one dead, two more are born. You can't stop real niggas. You'll never stop real niggas}

My family ties is as deep as Michael J. Fox
We aim glocks at your tank-tops
Leave you in a hospital bed watchin' Baywatch
Watch your weight drop 'til you're skinny enough
To fit between raindrops (bang, shots)
We killin' you on YouTube
Bono, nigga that means you too
I got a screw loose
You get stuck up like goodie-two-shoes
Though you knew that I was cuckoo
I'm in a GTA, I got them thangs on me
I'm in a GTA, but I ain't Gay Tony
A menace to society I'm MCH homie
The killa gorilla apes know me Mace pray for me
No lyricist realer straight Kobe can't hold me
I'm flash player couldn't read me with eight Dolby
So a new verse is nothin' but a new hearse
Tryna kill G shit I'm shootin' yellin' you first, nigga

{You'll never kill G shit (never). Until you tame society, this shit won't stop. Art imitates life nigga. Fox News wanna kill Obama, like the Long Beach PD wanna kill me. Ha ha ha ha! I won't die, I'll multiply. COB, it's my religion. That's why they follow me. Smoke the general. Pigface Weapon Waist nigga}