The-DMX-Will-Rock:Davy DMX
Davy DMX
Miscellaneous
The DMX Will Rock (Rap Remix)
J: Iyoni J
B: Both

Verse One:

T: Hello party people, my name is Sweet Tee
And comin' to ya quite live The Almighty Davy D
Now that we have the stage and the spotlight too
Sweet Tee and Davy D'll rock the party for you
He's gonna rock the spot while we say that rap
That's gonna bring the house down cos we got it like that
So sit back, relax, this you don't wanna miss
Cos Davy D is gonna rock, gonna rock it like this...

Verse Two:

J: Hello and how are you? I'm Iyoni J
But I'm not like you from around the way
Where I come from we're rappin' night and day
But we rock to the big beat just the same
So while I'm rockin' to the rhythm, check this out on the floor
Because a Davy D mix will make you ready for more
So let me tell you people, never settle for less
Take notes from Davy D cos he is the best

T: Get yourself...
J: Ready!
T: Strap yourself...
J: Down!
T: Guess who?
J: Davy D...
T: ...is rockin' in your town
J: We're two fly girls sent straight from heaven
T: To rock to the beat for you 24-7
J: That's right, we're here to rock
T: And as a matter of fact
J: There's not another DJ
T: Who can cut it like that
J: So if you start feelin' strange
T: Don't wanna go to bed
J: Cos Davy D's fresh cuts
T: Know how to mess with your head
J: Sugar brown skin lady with my pretty eyes
I've got a def shaped body and I'm energised
T: I stand 5'8" and I'm 20 years old
I'm so divine I'm worth my weight in gold
J: And Davy D likes spinnin' oh so fine
T: And of the world of mixin' he's the mastermind
J: So when you listen to the beat
T: You know it's comin' from the best
J: The No. 1 and only...
B: Davy DMX!

Chorus: repeat 2X

Davy DMX is here tonight
Now everything is gonna be alright
We came here to rock the microphone
While Dave cuts the record down to the bone

Verse Three:

J: Devastatin', calculatin' and I'm one of a kind
There's no-one in the world who's got a rap like mine
Davy D, do your thing, I'll rock the microphone
I'll make all you people feel right at home
So if you really wanna see Davy cut that beat
You know you gotta be ready, there's no repeat
Rockin' to the beat, he took 'em every time
There's no way that you could stick to the same old rhyme
When he's rockin' it you know that it's the very best
He should never be compared to all the rest
The highs, the lows, you know how it goes
And Davy DMX, he always steals the show
So get with it, understand it, it's fresh and new
And only Davy DMX is gonna do it for you

Verse Four:

T: Mixer, turntable and! drum machine
And everything else that makes it sound real mean
Davy DMX rocks the party non-stop
He takes it from the bottom to the T-O-P top
Sittin' up there on a throne like a king
Turnin' out music like it ain't no thing
So do yourself a favour and have no fear
When the DMX fills up the atmosphere
With the sound of Davy D and Sweet Tee with the rap
You're guaranteed fun, don't worry about that
Cos I play no games, my raps are serious
They're so good they'll make you delirious
Gimme the time, I'll give you the place
So I can blow your mind with my pretty face
Cos I'm devastin', sexy, I'm sweeter than the rest
And on the DMX Davy D is the best

Chorus: repeat 2X

Outro:

B: Don't mess with us, there's nothing to discuss
Do you know why?
Cos we're gonna rock... x7