Snack-Bar:Devo Spice
Jeremy: Daddy. Daddy. Daddy. Daddy! Daddy!
Devo: What. What. What? What? WHAT?! WHAT DO YOU WANT?!
Jeremy: Can I have a snack?
Devo: Hmmm...

I'm gonna pop some corn
Got a bag of Cheese Doodles in my pocket
I-I-I'm hungry, looking for some junk food
This stuff's freakin' awesome

I, woke up in the middle of the night to hear my stomach roar
I was just dreaming 'bout some snacks from the corner store
Drive into Wendy's, order a Frosty
The clerk be like (unintelligible)
Don't want no healthy food, salad or a cantaloupe
Craving so much meat that I could barbecue an antelope
Shoving so much food in me it'd force a lesser man to choke
Then I'll wash it down with an icy cold can of Coke
(pop open can) (drink)
(burp) Now that's what I mean!
Fritos, Cheet-Os, Doritos, I'm gonna buy 'em all and eat those
Queso dip would be neato, goes with my bag of Tostitos
All of this is gonna feed a hungry man when he's in need of
Something salty to eat or some stuff to put on a pita
I'm-a get this bag of chips, I'm-a get this bag of chips
You know what would go good with that? Another bag of chips.
Goldfish and Cheese Puffs or anything that's orange
I could get all of it, I got plenty of storage
They had a day-old donut, I bought a day-old donut
Then guess what I did with it, oh come on you know what
Hello, oooh, Double Stuff is back in fashion
Pac-Man ain't got nothing on my snacking passion
I could get some hot wings, those go pretty fast son
The guy behind me's like "Aw man, he got the last one"
What you know about barbecue or spicy nacho?
What you know about cool ranch or sirhacha?
I'm munchin', I'm crunchin', empty bags left in a pile
One big mess is what I'm leaving in the aisle
Thank the genius who created Cheez-Whiz, that gimmick
Is vegan, I'm pretty sure there's no organic matter in it
I'm at the ShopRite you can find me in the candy aisle
I'll go somewhere else after I stare at chocolate for a while
The Hersheys, The Andes, the sweet gummy candies I'll take
'Em all, the plain or fancy, but you can keep that Nutter Butter
Just put it back 'cause I can't eat that Nutter Butter
I'm freakin' allergic, just leave that Nutter Butter!
Clerk be like "Sir, do you want paper or plastic?"
And I'm like whoa, eighty dollars worth of junk food
I think I could eat up everything up on this earth, but
Eighty dollars for this bounty, I think that was well worth it
I call that much better than a sandwich
I call that a freakin' midnight snack, bitch!
I forgot the cookie dough, and this tub
Of Jell-O Pudding's not expired, I don't like how it's looking, though
Eat game, check out what I chow on late at night
Tryin' to make sense of an endless appetite
...that's my appetite
(Jeremy: Good stuff! Thanks Dad!)
()

Now when I stuff my face
I'm in my happy place
I love the way it tastes
Not a crumb will go to waste (repeat)
()

Brought to you by new Nabisco Shiz-Nits. The official snack food of hip hop!
Nabisco (Yayuh!)