Life-Speed:Downsyde
the signs are everywhere, next time make sure that you can read them riiight
it's too easy never to get, when your travelling at the speed of liiife X2

Well the clock keeps ticking but the time is up
pick it up, live it up, better livin up
work hard, wiiire em up, fire it up
you only got one chance like lightning struck
so light up on my lyrics, cause you lost ya way
locked away with my rap, you could rock for days
so don't stop the pace, better lock and load
and don't slow the motor on this rocky road
see it's the endeavour not the vendetta
.....,and things will get better
and shit ya get fed up with the life you lead
and i keep lifting my head up cause thats just life speed.

it's life speed, ready for a hell of a ride
it's life speed, get a header then ya ready to fight
it's life speed, go on get on by from the daylight to the dead of the night

the signs are everywhere, next time make sure that you can read them riiight
it's too easy never to get, when your travelling at the speed of liiife X2

reading the signs of life like a paramedic
the socialist status leaves me paroletic
totally blind that my mind couldn't stand a message
trying to forget about the nine to fiver, check it
alive or dead in the social lanes, in a hopeless age
looking for a smoke to waste on a chosen trade in my early days
and im hoping for ways to get a better turn in pay so..
Which way to go? do i play the show? or blaze away when i sprain my toe
my face explodes and my brain unloads
and the fans gonna sound like they tastin toads?
it'll break your nose when you smell the cop?
and the way he chose to play the game and not
the perfect plan more like a perfect chance"
to strangle fate with burning hands so!

the signs are everywhere, next time make sure that you can read them riiight
it's too easy never to get, when your travelling at the speed of liiife X2

travelling at the speed of light
all i need is to beleieve a reason why
but all im breathin and i heavin is a big loud sigh
why is this? and why is that?
why's the sky blue? and my soul black?
i don't know? am i so fat, can i get a soul clap
each of this like a koodak moment we're holding
is rolling like the stones are glowing
showing me my life in words
set back to the seat now observe

just go go gooo!

at the speed of liiife!!
it's life speed, ready for a hell of a ride
it's life speed, get a header then ya ready to fight
it's life speed, go on get on by from the daylight to the dead of the night X2

the signs are everywhere, next time make sure that you can read them riiight
it's too easy never to get, when your travelling at the speed of liiife X2