On-This-I-Stand:Eyedea
On this I stand
Two sets of footprints placed ahead of the dirt softened from tear drops
And overlooking the earth as the son of the moon
protected by a forcefield of pure thought.. On this I stand
A rally of unemployed disgruntled words spawned from long journeys through somewhere
somewhere that only causes me pain as I strain my soul crammin it with (light?)
so I could bring some there.
I bleed the blood of a cold stone that roams without a shadow
I'm only deep enough to realize that I'm shallow
My head I keep it up but its hard to keep it straight
when you don't believe in love,
and you just cant cope with hate
Metal rust, leaves turn into dust,
as the difference between love and lust clarifies as trust
if you only had an hour to sum your whole life up
would you spend that hour sayin that an hour ain't enough
I've escaped the shell that bound me to cowardness
now I'm faithful to the wind but compared to it I'm powerless
the first step was made, and it was a fair accomplishment
the pond was sittin still, so I threw a rock in it
and as my reflection rippled it all became clear
the seasons always change so there's no reason for fear
we made an autobiography of our pivotal years
its all I got and I'm giving it you because I care
See, a lot of the time humans as artists exist in a self-projected state of falsehood
were either too close to our image to stay objective in our perception,
or too far away to be subjective in any matter
this only widens the void in social conformity
introduced to our souls at birth and so I write.
I don't write without the intention of objectivity
or attention on the image
but only as an omni directional bridge
between the several (floating, tunnel structured?)
realities present in comprable space and time.
see I don't write for the future,
I write about the future, for the present
I write with my past, about the future, for the present.
On this I stand
The oasis of a limbo adjacent to my generation, facing out the window
waiting for some ventilation, patient while the wind blows
graceful in its demonstration, overall innovation.
On this I stand
A fountain of youth sovereignty, (found in?) syllables more than a pound of flesh
deep breath of achievement, a dream and a wake up call
another haul of the quest.
On this I stand
Another loved civilization.
On this I stand
The purity of creation.
On this I stand
A paradigm for self.
On this I stand
I thank you for your help.
On this I stand
My first born child.
On this I stand
Something for now.
On this I stand
Life, love, death and hate.
On this I stand
An album, glad you could relate. Peace...