Diamonds-And-Girls:Fashawn
It feels good! Want more, yeah!
It feels good! Want more, yeah!
Feel we came from the bottom, all the way to the top
Oh, oh no apologies, yeah
The hustler and me!
Uh, immerse from the bottom,
Make my way through the gravel
Turn me into a survivor, I ain't want to, I had to
Now I'm shining my nigga, in the mist of the scramble
Shooting... and craps, every day is a gamble
Good morning never gave me nothing I couldn't handle
I hustle without a menu till they blow up my candle
Diamond in the rough, yeah niggas gem stones
A pin points to the point I had to switch horns
New location, no vacations,
Sitting comfy on the money, down the paper chasing
Second to none, and nothing's a..
Could probably see it from space we did it up in Vegas
Picture me rolling, in a pair of Penny Loafers
European chauffeur, I'm waxed like shit is cautious
Uh, that's how it had to be, no!
That's how it gotta be
.. quality living with no apology, nigga!

Chorus:
Diamonds and girls, I hustle hard
For these diamonds and girls!
And now I'm in the spotlight
I live for diamonds and girls
Trunk full of hundreds, speakers on blast
Wanna ... check my stash
You don't want no problems, problems
I'm trying to get more diamonds and girls

I'm like an invisible set
In other words, what I mean,
I just can't be seen, I just gleamed!
People stare at me, as if is rare to see
A jewel that sets clarity, apparently I ravel in it
Fat and chunky, get on my level!
I belong in the bezel, I'm specialist at 38
Words to that grizzly city murder rate
And all the real niggas serve away
Princess cuts for the king of the city
Talking to set me
Pull strings like Jimmy, accumulated plenty of glow
Plenty of dough, more champagne and Henny to poke
Remember Winnie was ... 
Now it ain't hard in spite of .. fair fact shopping
But not for boxes of shoes, bought a few watches
That's how it ought to be for
That's how it gotta be
.. quality living with no apology, nigga!

Chorus:
Diamonds and girls, I hustle hard
For these diamonds and girls!
And now I'm in the spotlight
I live for diamonds and girls
Trunk full of hundreds, speakers on blast
Wanna ... check my stash
You don't want no problems, problems
I'm trying to get more diamonds and girls
Hey, hey, hey!