Never-Ending-Cycle:Freddie Gibbs
*Gun Cocks And shoots *
Yeah Its real shit nigga real talk!
My life's changed for yours nigga . yeah we all caught up in this never ending cycle
Ghetto ain't no harder than mine!
I fear no man breathing, no man walking.
I keep my mouth shut; let my gun do the talkin’
I’ve seen a lot of close friends Tossed in coffins
For chasing that money not ever knowing what it really be cost them
If you been in my position you probably know what I’m going through. Rob, steal, kill whenever your bills overdue
Sounds bad but situations get uncontrollable, hoping you can make it before the ghetto can grab a hold of you
My memory flooded with mistakes that I can never make up, it hurts so bad sometimes I sleep and hope I never wake up
How can I go on living? I’m trading bullets with the oppositions, definitely destined for prison
Or the grave I need to get my life together, a new age slave, mahn I can’t live like this forever
And yeah it’s a shame cos I know I can do better than holding loaded Berettas ready for whatever to get the chedda nigga!
It’s the same from your hood to my blocks, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots. And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police, I’m just caught up in the Cycle stuck in the streets
I said the ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police
I’m just caught up in the Cycle stuck in the streets. When will I ever wake up?
Damn I’m back in these handcuffs. Officer pulled me over said get out with my hands up
But livin’ in Gary... On the daily we get harrased by police, got narcotics in my pocket And My heat under the seat
I ain't fucking with nobody just tryna get on my feet, been unemployed for weeks so this is how I gotta eat
Alotta people say im just another waste of a black mind, Hustling on the same grind killing my own kind
Put my life on the line for a couple of bucks you considered the risk im taking this dont pay me enough having babies with different ladies living life in a rush the truth is I DONT GIVE NO FUCK!
When will I ever wake up? or will just end up another statistic? Just a number to the government STUCK IN THE SYSTEM MAINE!
This shit will make you go insane everyday im losing homies in this muthafucking game! and the Ghetto is the same...
From your hood to my block, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots. And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police, I’m just caught up in the Cycle stuck in the streets
I said the ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police
I’m just caught up in the Cycle stuck in the streets. When will I ever wake up?
Blame the system they blame it on hip pop, the content of my lyrics got these young niggas brainwashed
But I got out the streets to do this shit for a living as rappers we should pay attention to the message we sending
I ain't trippin go get your money cos im tryna get mine
But I know niggas that will sell they fucking souls to shine! I swear the business ain't appealing to me!
There is niggas dying over petty ass industry beef, I must admit sometimes I spin and think my label dont really know what to do with me and I be broke before them crackers make a fool of me
Before I be a puppet they be reading my eulogy my music a reflection of my community
So nigga WAKE UP! lead us away from the devil Lord show us a sign, put up your metal your ghetto ain't no harder than mine
And its a muthafucking shame everyday im losing homies in this muthafucking game!
And the Ghetto is the same from your hood to my blocks, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots. And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police, I’m just caught up in the Cycle stuck in the streets
I said the ghetto is the same from your hood to my block, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
And I can’t sleep, living with beef and police
I’m just caught up in the Cycle stuck in the streets. When will I ever wake up?
Uuhn when will I ever wake up?, yeahh when will I ever wake up? yeah ... when will I ever wake up?
I said the ghetto is the same from your hood to my block, I wake up in the morning to the sounds of gunshots
When will I wake up? when will I ever wake up?
When will I ever wake up? ...