It-s-Nasty-Genius-of-Love-:Furious Five
Ladies and gentlemen, it's now the time for the Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five MC's

We're coming, we're coming, we're coming
We're coming, we're coming, we're coming
We're coming, we're coming, we're coming
WE'RE HERE

Aiyyy mami I wanna get nasty wit you baby
Aiyyy, tu eta por llamaseta mi amor, Linda
Touch it there
We wanna rock, YOU
We're the kings of swing and we're chosen to rule
The deans of clean inside the cool school
We're the chiefs of relief
Contained by wild beasts
The finesse of the West, the masterpiece of the East
Hah, the boss of course
As the lord of our fort
The ones with the platinum vocal chords
We're the science of desire with a magical mic
The monarch of the dark in the night alright
We advertise and specialize in the exercise and we'll energize the young ladies thighs
'Cause all the fly guys
Nature's to rise right before their eyes
We're the Earl of the world and the Air of flair
The Duke of dare, the Mayor of debonair
Got fine, drink wine
Can dance and dine
Got a first class female oh so fine
Hey baby, whatever you doin' right girl
I just want you to always be easy (Here comes the bridge), and keep on shakin' that thing
And I want you, swingin' it swingin' it swingin'
Tell me how now
Like dynamite before it blows
Who needs a band when the beat just goes, boom?

He's Grandmaster, he cuts faster
We're the Furious, serious and ever so mysterious
Five that's rockin the house
And everybody say, "Play" (Play)
Say, "Play" (Play), well OK

Ho! Everybody c'mon
Woo! Now, now! Uh

People call me crazy, people call me sneak
Just because I'm nasty, they call me a freak, hi, hi
I am coming over, to your house tonight
I promise to you baby, that I'll do you right, I'm nasty
I want cha
I want cha
I want cha
I want cha (Shake your booty)

I want cha
I want cha
I want cha
I want cha (We want to rock you)
Just let us rock, you
Watch your girl and watch your wife
I got the kiss of death, to touch your life
'Cause I am the man they call Scorpio
I like fly girls that don't say no
Hey girl, grab my hand, hold on tight
Don't you worry about a thing Raheem'll do you right
I'm a mint that's fresh huh, a woman's pet
There ain't a thing in the world that I can't get
It's the history books or the picture show
It's the golden voice on your radio
I'm the rapper never printed voice is solid gold
I'm playin' the role, they call me Kid Creole
And I'm the, the Romeo, of the nasty show
All the ladies in the place, to my house we go
Freakin' in the den just to make you move
'Cause I'm Cowboy and I got the groove
As DJ Flash, cuts so mean that he wanna know your favorite jeans
Is it Jordache? (NO) Gloria Vanderbilt? (NO)
Maybe it's Sassoon? (NO) How about Sergio? (I don't care)
Could it be Calvin Klein? (NO) Then what is it? [?]
Back to the bridge y'all
[?] He baby, if you keep doin' like that, I just want you to keep shakin' that thing
I just keep on, swingin' it, swingin' it and swingin'?
Like dynamite before it blows
Who needs a band when the beat just goes, ba boom?
Everybody, shake your body
Keep movin' and groovin and screamin' and shoutin' and helpin' us turn it out
Is everybody sayin' play? (Play)
Say, "Play" (Play) Well OK

Alright, woo, everybody get up, yeah