My-World:Illogic
Nothing's gonna change my world. (x4)

I'm traveling this maze,
With a javelin,
Taking aim at abdomens,
Stumbling as I guilt trip
From pixie dust particles,
laced with the American way of conformity
I lash out in defense of culture to stimulate dormancy
But i'll rest for a second
And build on my mass collection
Ask questions of worth, since birth
Compile images, styled by each lesson
Cursed with illogical thinking in eyes of society
Crash parties of orthodox
Without the ignorant inviting me
The path I'm destined to walk is widening
But narrow to the close-minded
Hidden by brush and greenery,
I can't see, but my flows find it
Blinded as I step through this forest of activists
Dodging thorns of the norm
Decoding life's puniest form disguises a pasifist
After this confrontation with this beast of regret
A tainted existence is the resort of taking a breath
So i hold back and don't inhale,
To see where life takes me
Elevate flesh to a level of stress 'cause i believe life hates me.

Nothing's gonna change my world. (x4)

Don't stop in a sea of normlessness
And abandoned crowds that stand around
And wait for their performances
I wait in that coul de sac to see what Karma gives
Cause what goes around, comes around,
Holds weight in a lake I'm born to swim
Will I drown due to the obesity of my thought process?
As gravity pulls down to impede my self conquest
Filling my pockets with payments of nonsense
While the cover charge ??? play of my life is ????
At times I stand on the edge of this cliff and forget rap
Before I step across that threshold where ??? bends and splits at
I try to evade the barricades and downplay the mishaps
Convincing myself that the speech isn't related to the syntax
My emotional famine is at an all time height
Where I'm forced to raionalize between comfort and what's right
But when I write I'm comfortable
Pen and compass is the agony
Of the turmoil dinged existence of the Shakespearian tragedy
But does this hero die due to his flaws?
Or will I float in pergatory state before I take the fall
So for now I won't wait it
Trudgin through knee-high satan
Contemplating whether I should stay on this frequency or change the station
Cause now I'm tuned in to ruin
Falling flat on my abstract
Too intimidated to press on
But not depressed enough to backtrack
The story too ??? to be laughed at, too surreal to be realistic
Dangling between an individual and a statistic
Will I see the light at the end of the tunnel
Or has there been an avalanche that closes off the outlet
Snuffing the option of if I'll have a chance to escape this fate
Or is it by choice I walk this road?
Why did I get enclosed, continuing progress but feel froze

Nothing's gonna change my world. (x4)