Ole:J-Live
feat. Oddy Gato


OLE, OLE, OLE OLE

Damn I hate waking up on my couch
Waste of a bed in this big empty house
Wait - Sold the house, small empty apartment
Thinking to myself like "Man, don't even start shit."
Crick in my neck though, pillows ain't effective
Pop-corn for dinner, corn-pops for breakfast
Far from a blockbuster night, nothing groovy
Fell asleep watching some on-demand movie
The Matador. William H. Macy, Pierce Bronson
This is why you fronting on playing James Bond, son?
But I suppose a one man odd couple
Shouldn't be popping shit cause I got enough trouble

I'm strangely estranged from my wife, kids, and cat
Living like LL's track 'Cheesy Rat'
Bank account, credit, and self-esteem ravaged
I'm one ham sandwich away from going savage
Exaggerating but there ain't no debating the fact
I need my swagger and my mojo back
Check my mailbox - filled with a stack of bills
And a bright red letter with silver and gold frills
Turns out it was an invite
To an oddy gato house party that goes down tonight
Was fly. Was opening the envelope
Triggered the wild sound chip with an audio note
It read;
"Hey Amigo.. Jose Cuervos here.. He's having a party.. and he want's you to say


OLE, OLE, OLE OLE


I'm with the crew that put crazy Eddie's right out of business
Trailer load of TVs at my house I'm like 'what is this?'
They singing Karaoke, sipping on sake
Chilling like Yakuza, all getting real sloppy
I told em 'Please leave, authorities coming soon'
The said 'We 'bout to jump the broom right inside your living room'
'Whatcha gonna do with this property'
I turn around they all playing strip monopoly

The biggest chick in the room got on top of me
Papi I'll be rocking your world, you ain't stopping me
I said chill baby, pass me the Grey Goose
Stuffed it in her coochie la bang she screamed 'Jesus'
She went from super [?] tight to way loose
Refrained from this type of behavior since like eight deuce
She said "I know that you slang, you have slave roots?"
I'm pimping all over the galaxy in space boots


OLE, OLE, OLE, OLE


Welcome to the house party, it's me your friend Oddy
Fresh to death, head to toe, in that [?]
We got fog machines, green lights, and one beacon
A trailer load of freaks at my house for one weekend
Speaking on the subject of freaks there's on peaking
Through her clothes and there's drugs on her rug like I'm streaking
Yeah baby - I guess I'll be able to do it
She took a chance by undoing my pants and just blew it

I walked up to the spot and was amazed
The whole place was filled with like green haze
Free re-entry but everybody stays
Looked like this shit had been going on for days
Like that good time painting, night life at the studio
Sipping on my usually [?] and Henny flow
I was accosted by a skinny, big titty ho
Talking bout taking me back to her presidio
She started dancing but her whole style was pitiful
Trying to show me something from a Rap City video
Skeptical until [?] said he know her though
A [?] One for the gritty, yo


OLE, OLE, OLE, OLE