Dream-Chaser:Jawga Boyz
I been chasing my dreams, been so long.
i never thought about the rest of living my life through these songs.
and moving out from the sticks...
and all these dreams that i have deep in my heart will go away.
i leave today.
as long as you will stay.
From the time i was five years old, music was in my soul and it was where i could go to get away from the things that were bothering me.
Yeah, i'd be laying there humming songs falling asleep.
But it was always just a hobby, not making no money from it, I done it through all the times, they was making fun of me from it.
In front of my friends and kin and knowing how it felt, hearing the hate but all I did was motivate myself.
Then years go by and i'm still on the grind, i'm finally gettin some love, I got a piece of the pie, but then I look in your eyes and i can tell that your worried, because it's not a dream now...
it's becoming the story but girl.
I been chasing my dreams for so long, I never thought about the rest.
Of living my life through these songs and moving out from the sticks...
and all these dreams that I have deep in my heart would go away.
i leave today, as long as you will stay...
Yeah i know its becoming a burden, you have to sit there and watch girls come at me flirting, but you have never pulled the curtain on what we have built, because your certain when I tell you that i'll always be here.
And it will always be me and you against the world, i'm gonna ride it out with ya and then some more.
We gonna take this road all the way to the end.
Yeah, we've had alot of bumps but we always win!!!
And I done been to Nashville and turned down the deals, cause I aint gotta make a mil just to pay my bills.
And the only thing I really need is you, cause i could lose it all today and i would still be cool.
And that's true girl.
I been chasing my dreams been so long.
i never thought about the rest, of living my life through these songs.
And moving out from the sticks, and these dreams that i have deep in my heart, would go away.
I leave today.
as long you will stay.
I been chasing my dreams for so long.
i never thought about the rest, of living my life through these songs.
And moving out from the sticks, and these dreams that i have deep in my heart, would go away.
I leave today.
as long you will stay.