Club-Church-Club-Hell:Khrysis
[Produced by Khrysis]

Part 1: Club Church
[Verse 1]
What if the club was a church, the DJ was the pastor
Shots was communion, let's break bread
Hands paying just to get in like they payin' they ties
But you can't come as you are, the dress code kinda tight
See the [?] in the dresses sweatin' out they weaves
While they sweatin' out their stresses
Niggas yellin' "preach!" when the hearin' all the verses
'specially the ones they love the most
2 Chainz came on and all the people caught the holy ghost
Singin' like a choir we acquire all the things that we desire
Let the chronic get the best of me like Mya
Higher power, still raining like light showers
This is sounds of blackness like a speaker up at Howard
How that sound to ya? Listen while I paint a vision
When shots rang out, we call it the Benediction
Headed for the door they get saved like baptisms
Asking for forgiveness cause it hurts, yo

[Hook]
This is Club Church, say that
This is Club Church, say that
I see a girl, I'm saying Good Lord, Hallelujah
I'm saying Good Lord, Hallelujah

[Verse 2]
What if heaven was a club and God was the owner
Peter was the bouncer, Jesus the promoter
I'm in a long line that stretches way back
There's a club called Hell, it's easy to get in and it stay back
The man in front of me told me that it was hot
Said he been there and back, and I'm guessin' that say a lot
We getting' closer, closer, I'm hopin' I ain't too late
Walking up a strawy, before I reach the pearly gates
Good Lord, I made it to the front of the line
I took a peek, these girls was angels man I swear they was fine
I know, I know - I swear I'm tryna get this lust off my mind
You think that God would probably mind if I see one last time?
I hope He let it slide, it's just a sinny, sin, sin
Between Norma D and [?] make it twin, twin, twin
See, I was born again but I guess he ain't convinced
Cause Peter looked at me and said my name ain't on the list, god damn

[Hook] + [Interlude]
(Bouncer/Peter) Nah, nah, my brother, you gotta get in the other line, man
(Add-2) Yo, dawg, I'm on the list
(P) Naw, your name ain't on the list man
(A) You don't you know who I am?
(P) Naw, man, you over there
(A) Yo yo yo, I know Jesus dawg, I know Jesus, Jesus is my homie
Hey! Yo, Jesus! Jesus! Hey it's me nigga!
Get your hands off me man, don't touch me!
Aight, I'll go. I be back though
Don't make me come up and set this whole place
I don't care if all you mufuckas wear white
I don't care about your whiteboard, ok?

Part 2: Club Hell
Come take a trip, like you seen how I fell
On the road of destruction, on the highway to hell
N-n-n-now now we roll, rollin' in a Diablo
Not now we pull up, pull up [?] like Chicago
Standing out, everybody tryna fit in
I'm standing out cause everybody wanna fit in
Same days, True Religion and a fitted
Walking through the door like it don't cost a thing to get in
Who you see? Thugs, killas
Straight laced millionaires, crooked politicians
Been a thous' up in this bitch, don't forget the hoes
Lawyers everywhere you go, and this white dude named [?]
And that [?] turn you down and that liquor turn you up
It so hot up in this club feel like I might be burnin' up
And then Satan said "what up, you feelin' low I get you high"
Go inside of Hell's kitchen get a slice of devil's pie
We just party everyday sleeping with a Jezabel
Ain't a heaven for a G, but I know that there's a hell
And then Satan shared a secret, I don't know if you heard
God don't send people to hell he just send 'em back to Earth