For-You:Knine
(For you)
He went to the Garden of Gethsemane
Knowing that He will be arrested by the enemies
And still He decided to stay
Told Peter, John, and James, "Ya'll stay awake, I'm go pray"
So He went up a little farther
Lay face down and started praying to the Father
And so distressed He was
His sweat fell down like drops of blood
He said, "Father, I don't want to die,
Yet I want to do your will, not mine.
I mean, I'll do whatever you say,
But is it possible we can do this another way?
I'm yours, I give you my last breath
Do I have to die this so horrible death?
Well, if they have to kill your Son,
Then Father, your will be done." (For you)
He went back and what did He peep?
It was John, James, and Pete. Sleep.
He said, "You couldn't stay up for one hour, dude?
Ya'll gonna mess around and temptation over power you
Listen. Get back in position.
Ya'll stay prayed up and most of all, Stay Up!"
He went back and prayed some more and
He came back and all three of them were snoring
"Still sleeping, huh? Still resting?
Well Judas and them is here for the arresting."
As they got up, they ?
Lynch mob coming with all of the religious leaders
It was thugs with sticks and gloves and torches and swords
All of this for the Lord
And they was angry and talking really loud
And one man stepped from the crowd and he said,
"Teacher! Good to see ya!
I've been looking for you all night, try'na reach ya.
I'm telling ya, you've been missed
And allow me to give you this." (Kiss)
And Jesus said, "You was coming and I knew it
To betray me but you must use a kiss to do it?
Be gone, let's get it on
I'm ready to receive my throne."
But Peter said, "Not while I'm here, dawg."
And he pulled out his sword and slashed some dudes ear off
But Jesus said, "No, that's not why I'm here."
So He gave the dude back his ear, and said, "Hear.
Here I can have a thousand angels
To save us and have all these scoundrels strangled.
You've been with me, you know that it's true,
But I've got work to do." (For you)