Clutchin-:Lil' Phat
Alright, (RED ON DA TRACK) Lil phat... get used to me ole bitch ass niggas...
Now nigga I'm clutchin, is u cluthcin, cause I'm clutchin is u clutchin Wat it is, wat it do?
It's all on u, who gone feel da hecka who gone get stoopid with pooh?
I'm really thuggin I'm clutchin bitch I ain't scary, I'm a hit u in yo face for ivy, h, ronny an berry.
So thank twice 4 u come playin with meh, an I ain't gone let u feel it till u come playin with me
It's on my lap, it's in my pocket, on my hip, unda my arm bitch I got it.
Big stacks, can't tote no wallets, dey hatin cause I'm comin threw swervin and bitch I'm wildin
An I ain't playin, I'll burn u like a delli ah yea, ah yea, ah yea bitch I'm ready
I grew up up in dat top, I'm a southside baby, I was yung runnin des street I ran my mama crazy
Wen I was 14, I had a highpoint, I bust dat sumbitch jammed on me... fuck da high points!

But I was clutchin, I was clutchin, is u clutchin, cause I'm clutchin?
My nigga I'm clutchin, is u clutchin, cause I'm clutchin, is u clutchin?
Yea I'm strapped, bitch I'm strapped My son called(hello) say he got his first... welcome to redrum spelled backwards is dum
Dem yung niggas dey bought it all, dey da sickest, dey da dummest and we all dawgs... believe dat!
I be clutchin at a early age, and I'll buss it...
Pat said fukk dem niggas phat, cause dey ain't clutchin...
Dey be reppin like dey do, but dey don't hold da hood down
Dey was tryin to, but dey stood down...
Gotta b in ya blood, to b a thug, gotta b ready to buss if you scrap up in da club
Cause des days niggas ain't playin no mo, catch you slippinwit yo bitch sprayin you and yo hoe
You ain't strapped betta... fukk a left quick... go take a nap cause des streets on dum shit(4real)
If you want me betta get me 4 I getchu first, you ain't clutchin? den it's gone really hurt!

But I was clutchin, I was clutchin, is u clutchin, cause I'm clutchin?
My nigga I'm clutchin, is u clutchin, cause I'm clutchin, is u clutchin?
Yea I'm strapped, bitch I'm strapped