Ready-To-Bust:Lil' Cuete
yeah that right it's your crazy homeboy lil cuete
the number one gun
back once again to show you how to really rip it up.
hook x2
Muthafuckers do bang, really do slang, a some of them new thing, It's the
usual thing, you don't really want it with us, muthafuckers ready to bust.
I had one to many pistos and I'm feeling suicidal I'm loading up my rifal
shouldent be fucking with this physco. Steady revolving in this 57 a
mission I wouldent leave, them shakeing I fake it I take it a break in the
begining. Im feeling like ready no waiting im in it I coundent be faded
your never awakeing Im more than amazing a priest that is crazy, a loco
that they never be fakeing. Im sitting and wondering leaving them wondering
sit leaving them wondering covering opening never fuck what there telling
me and for my enemy there is no remedy.
hook x2
Muthafuckers do bang, really do slang, a some of them new thing, It's the
usual thing, you don't really want it with us, muthafuckers ready to bust.
Your not even seen, I think that you give me the reason the trigger I'll
stop you from breathing Im leaving you bleeding, Im leaving you bleeding I
murder you you better believe it they stay ripping it up and I don't give a
fuck, when Im lighting them up, but you won't even bother Im coming with
ammo, my fist are more hotter than boiling water, my lyrics further than
more when Im finish, whenever I manage to become the baddest so I know that
I hit it, I couldn't be faded Im throwing grenade at your life in the 47 I
give you this thing that your life will be taking, cant hang with me ese.
hook x2
Mutherfuckers do bang, really do slang, a some of them new thing, It's the
usual thing, you don't really want it with us, muthafuckers ready to bust.
Im still deep in the streets, still ripping the beats. I got it lock down,
from the top down, put them all down, when I get down, you see I smash the
mic and it's nothing to me. cause Im flipping when Im ripping like I see My
ete, IM nothing nice as a matter of fact I get real sick, a maniac in my
habitat, I always handle my shit, Im always ready to battle Im leaving them
under the gravel, they cant hang with a man when I say to me their like
fragil.
ook x2
Mutherfuckers do band, really do slang, a some of them new thing, It's the
usual thing, you don't really want it with us, muthafuckers ready to bust.