Trust-Me-:Living Legends
I dissected insecurities and laid them on my lap
She's worried bout the honesty that's held by those who rap
But in a perfect world and life,
I might of felt this and refrained
Might've gave her all of me
and never played the silly game
I learned to play why mention names? you get the gist
I admit, I broke the fences, trampled trust
fell to lust it's a gift
I dismiss it as curse,
no worse than common thieves
The hearts in my possession
all the loss of those I need
And when I leave I return,
bridges burn do they learn?
I'm concerned with my universal state of karma earned
I've tossed and I've turned
ate the apple and the worm
And tequila shots they burned,
Counted the leaves off the fern
The petals they wilt and died
The night of tension they deserved
For the man to call to cry,
Filled selfishness and nerve.
Stay selfless and disturbed
Unstable and concerned
With that bitter self-esteem
You've returned
Baby earn, look...

Trust me? Don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my person baby
Trust me? don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my circle babe
Trust me? Don't trust me.
Players seem to form once that life take that turn, look
Trust me? Don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my personal

Analyze what wasn't meant to be, be free.
Free yourself from anyone who wants to hold you down beneath it all
I seen it all, I thought I did
Almost, almost never did.
Never did.
Guilt get the best of my secrets hid
I took them far away to that place I never visit
They beg for me to stay I pretend I'm so exquisite.
Comfortable with living barely scraping up these digits
Then they plan to dig a hole of unattainable forgiveness
But I have and they laugh,
They make jokes on my behalf,
Tell folks who never ask
Now they take scope my broken glass
Half empty, low on gas
I'm an asshole and bad dude
And I ask you just be true, and stay fake
A hypocrite with no fate
I gain space and travel far
Almost like a salesman,
I'm a failed man in a broken car
Wishing on that start of grand success
I'm a mess a ball of stress
And I guess I'll never rest til the day I meet my death... yes

Trust me? Don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my person baby
Trust me? don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my circle babe
Trust me? Don't trust me.
Players seem to form once that life take that turn, look
Trust me? Don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my personal
Trust me? Don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my person baby
Trust me? don't trust me.
Honestly it's hard for me to love outside my circle babe