No-more-Questionz-feat-Dj-Quik-:Mausberg
f/ DJ Quik

rtist: Mausberg f/ DJ Quik
Typed by: [email protected]

[DJ Quik]
Yeah! I'm still street hangin.
Yeah! I'm still beat slangin.
Yeah! I'm still meat bangin.
Can you feel that?

We see you made it out the ghetto and we heard you livin bad
Where your CBR? Where 500 at?
Did you diss Dre, nigga? Tell me what the deal
Is that ring on your CD cover real?
Is you still gangbangin or did you stop?
Why you wear so much blue if you from Tree Top?
Why you wont cut your hair into a fro?
And is you still down with Death Row?
Look, remember you niggas that used to run us home and bully?
Now you niggas running cause we automatically fully
Got that artillery that's so fully open
If you shot it up in Compton it.ll come down in Oakland
Pop the trunk, pop the pump, hit him in his back
Or catch us by the train going head up on the tracks
Shut up, quit asking me that bullshit nigga
It really only matters cus we big figures

Hook:(2x)
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me
Cus yall muthafuckas aint lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine
Niggas with no a spine is where I draw the line

[DJ Quik]
Catch me fuckin up the scene with an illegal car beam
Infracted infared so you can't see the beam
Sega, Russian model two twenty-three
And if you niggas want some mo
We'll light you up like Kosovo
It's Compton, that's where the killas come from
With AK-47s that you niggas run from
Struck up my name in blood so you niggas don't forget me
And if I gotta go I'm taking a grip of you niggas wit me
Actin like we nice, but don't believe the hype
I'm layin in yo bushes and I'm posted for the snipe
Across from the apartment that my enemies all hung out
(Multiple Gunshots) Yeah nigga spit that lung out
Drag you, pick you up and throw you in the trunk
Drive you to the mountain, throw your body in the dump
Burry you with bloody clothes, barrel stock and trigger
Now who's the muthafuckin punk NIGGAAAAAAAAAAAA?!

Hook:
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Yeah!)
Cus yall muthafuckas aint lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine(Yeah!)
Niggas with no a spine is where I draw the line
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Hell Yeah!)
Cus yall muthafuckas aint lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine
Mausberg! Ride .em up dog!

[Mausberg]
Pistol packin and car jackin
The worlds most dagerous criminal
Hit the block up with hollow points, fuck the subliminal
Hardcore, and yall can fuck wit it
Yall frustrated, cus all niggas can't spit it
I'm the Don Mega of rap, Gotti of gun claps
Mausberg the toughest muthafucka on the map
When I cock back, I'm taking off non-stop
With my fully automatic weapon till yall drop
Nigga fuck all questionz, hit with smith & weasons
And black texts till you learn yall lessons
Nigga I'ma beat off, and I don't give a fuck
Tell it to the next nigga, let the world eat it up
Coward niggas be all up in my mix
When the pandemonium starts the ground gone split
On a war path, drown niggas in bloodbaths
Four or Five shots for every question you ask
Fuck the Cold War, I keep it hot on my block
Quik got the calico if he move make him drop
The superior nigga, no need for second guessin
Glock to your dome, guess it's no more questionz

Hook:
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Yeah!)
Cus yall muthafuckas aint lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine(Yeah!)
Niggas with no a spine is where I draw the line
(No More Questionz)
Stop buggin me(Yeah!)
Cus yall muthafuckas aint lovin me
(No More Questionz)
Stay up outta mine(Yeah!)
Niggas with no a spine is where I draw the line
(No More...)

Youz a (KILLA!), She's a (KILLA!)
He's a (KILLA!), We's a (KILLA!)
I'm a (KILLA!), Tone's a (KILLA!)
Bird's a (KILLA!), Crawf's a (KILLA!)
Will's a (KILLA!), Kee A's a (KILLA!)
Rodney's a (KILLA!), Pewee's a (KILLA!)
Jack's a (KILLA!), Nick's a (KILLA!)
Tony Shawn's a (KILLA!), Quik's a (KILLA!)
Biggie's a (KILLA!), Pac's a (KILLA!)
Big L's a (KILLA!), Big Pun's a (KILLA!)
Stan's a (KILLA!), Ram's a (KILLA!)
Baby George's a (KILLA!), Loran's a (KILLA!)
Suga Free's a (KILLA!), Hi-C's a (KILLA!)
Eazy's a (KILLA!),? Big Shee's? a (KILLA!)
Big Pit's a (KILLA!),? Gishit's? a (KILLA!)
I'm a KILLA (KILLA!) I'm a KILLA (KILLA!)
I'm a KILLA, I'm a . . .Killa
Nigga what? Nigga what?