Bullshit:Pharcyde
You gotta get up off of that bullshit... stop fighting that feeling (x4)
(Imani)
Let me entertain you
And interphaze you with the new sound
the sound is the "cyde"       and the PHAR is the "CYDE"
And no matter who you are, you know you can't HYDE!
not from the eyes of the sun nor the moon nor the stars!
no matter who you are!
So come in and commence to the sound of my drummin'
You gotta get up off of that bullshit.... stop fighting the feeling (x4)
(Slim Kid 3)
Time to go all the way with it
Dont just sit there and stare or play with it
cause we commited to the seeds of new breeds
the Motha Ship of dreams where fiendz breast feed
step thru reality into reality so surreal you feel you never knew reality 
until it stood still now your far from a lie
when the truth tantalizes ya eyes see we z
already in the skies or outer space 
standing here on the face of this earth
to the state to the grid of my turf
where my mom gave birth
to all the she loves be it small to others but yo it's bigger then love
they did a cross examination of it
but you can't duplicate the state of our own relations thru translations
that's not the ticket breaking code in hieroglyphics
You gotta get up off of that bullshit.... stop fighting the feeling 
(Bootie Brown)
Yo! When money talks fools are always checkin'
depositing their two cents
Foolishly convinced blinded by their ignorance
that becomes a hindrance for them to rise
When you going to recognize, time waits for no man
when you gonna stand and....
Get up offa that bullshit.... stop fighting the feeling
(Suave)
Yo, Yo, now let me change the topic just a bit
talk about the lahp's with the fat ass and tits
Comin' to the club looking for a star
ain't got ten dollars for a drink at the bar
scoping around looking for the best dressed
smelling for the indo passing up the stress
sniff sniff yo what does the lahp smell
a brotha like Suave with pockets that swell
action was thrown the lahp was blown
next thing you know I had her at my home
all alone object to get paid
the only thing happened her ass got laid
Now no end and her ass is sprung
Used a little tongue but believe I'm well hung
So listen, a lesson well learned for you club hopping ho's
It ain't about the stardom, it ain't about the dough.
So...
You gotta get on up off of that bullshit (x6)
Stop fighting the feeling