Marijuana:Potluck
This weed game man its the game for me. It makes a lotta
paper
. Sure do. And I'm tryin to be a rich man. Real talk. Gonna get you a little bit of loot? I like helping. You wanna be a rich man? Yesss
You smoke it every day and you smoke it every night
You smoke it in a joint, blunt, bong or in a pipe
Puff puff and pass all you gotta do is ask
Marijuana 101 the only class that I can pass
I'm about to grow the most beautifullest thing you ever seen
I got indoor, outdoor, I got
pinkish-purple weed
I buy supplies and stay away from
coppers
Lookin in the sky, I'm seein helicopters!
Jealous talkers tellin get no love where I'm from
You shut your mouth, don't tell nobody
Unless you want the feds to come
. So I shut up, stay low pro
And stick to what I know. Set the timers
Hang the lights and watch this marijuana grow!
PH the tubs, I'm makin sure the fans is spinnin right
Put grow rocks in the buckets then I move the plants right in the light
Look for mites, check for seeds,
hope they don't hermaphrodite
Appreciation for the weed, been growin more than half my life
Harvest time, money signed time to let em dry
Flush em clean
, trim and bag the weed I love my 215
Pounds for three, I got hundreds and that means hella g's
Fuck sellin cd's, I gotta call a dude to see these!
This one time. Hey I got the purple. Is it really purple this time? Yup it is. Well then lets get rich!
I been holdin on to pounds, takin calls from outta town
Cell is ringin' like a bell cuz the word done got around
Bud is purple, frosty, smell like ass hole crack
Pulling buds up out my sack The size of baseball bats
You feel it in your chest, it's better than the best
My shit it sells itself, I make more cheddar than the rest
Won't ever do ya dirty, 80 grand will get ya 30
My niggas down south say "this bud is so purty!"
Never will I stop, humboldt county got it locked
Started snoopin more at night, stop servin off the block
I'm workin everyday, no boss, no day off
This job don't got no benefits to help with smokers cough
I'm grindin like a skater, I'm servin like a waiter
I'm hustlin like lil damian when chasin down this paper
Gotta have it my way. Catch me on the highway
Forget the situation if you smokey on a Friday
You smoke it every day and you smoke it every night
You smoke it in a joint, blunt, bong or in a pipe
Puff puff and pass all you gotta do is ask
Marijuana 101 the only class that I can pass
Green thumb grower, big pound holder, block street soldier
Everybody wanna little bit of weed and I'm a
Green thumb grower, big pound holder, block street soldier
Everybody wanna little bit of bud!
What's up wit it man what the business is? You tryin to be a rich man? Oh yeah man I'm caked up you know I'm waitin for a flock chickens right now. You know I'm tryin to make that next move. I'm in the streets you know I go get it
Just received a package from the homeland, woah
89 big boys gonna break em down to little bros
Before I hit the door, I roll five
I'm a Humboldt boy, it's in my nature to stay high
Whats the price, 350 in the streets
But since I got the right plug I let it go a little cheap
325, yeah thats it. Even cheaper by the folds
I call em 'get rich starter kits.'
So holla at yo boy I'm hollerin holla at yo boy
45 in the waistline backpack full of joy
From Sac to Oakland, Richmond and back
Fairfield a little stoppin and back to Sac
I don't discriminate, man I'm in all hoods
Four XT across the front say its all good
And it's all good two for fifteens or four for thirties
I'm slangin' purple and good greens
And good schemes keep me on top of sales
Not sufferin from the months
But I'm sufferin from pocket swells
One eye, yeah that one guy
Is now what they hollerin when I'm ridin by
You smoke it every day and you smoke it every night
You smoke it in a joint, blunt, bong or in a pipe
Puff puff and pass all you gotta do is ask
Marijuana 101 the only class that I can pass
Green thumb grower, big pound holder, block street soldier
Everybody wanna little bit of weed and I'm a
Green thumb grower, big pound holder, block street soldier
Everybody wanna little bit of bud!