Never-Lettin-Go:Rittz
1995, I saw my first friend get buried in the ground
We was traumatized. We just smokein' out of Patina's crib
Now we got a Funeral and his momma cry my guy got
2 years and Charles died both of em gone from a homicide
All of sudden murder wasn't so uncommon the innocence that we had
Was gone inside so we quit high school and selling drugs was cool
Now all of a sudden hittin' licks for the drugs was in
My close homeboys from the rida crew put me in the middle
Stickin' up my friends. No wonder why nobody didn't trust me when
They busted in and tied up and gagged and a guy with a gun thats
Behind a mask was some dude you used to sit behind in class
I asked hoodie guy how much time he had sat down he was
Found guilty and his youth was stripped he called me collect
And we used to spit a bunch of dope ass rap cus this music
Shit was the only future that boosted a optimism but the time
Was ticking as we lose the crib years of boozin' and usin'
And abusin' drugs [?] you have you used to
Livin' this street life

()
The street life, the street lights don't seem bright
No more. The Devil's got a hold of ya soul and he's
Pulling you below. (*Humming)
Caught up in the street life, the street lights
Don't seem bright no more. The Devil's got a hold
Of ya soul and he's never lettin' go (*Humming)

(2)
Back in the day she was kinda fine, but drugs
Took a tole on her pretty face. That along with
Hard times combined. These days you find a website
Online she quit stripping now she gettin' paid to escort
It's fucked cus she was the girl from next door
Now you can see her ad next to sex toys and
All you got to do is hit the local sex store
It made a lot of people lose respect for her
But check yourself cus only God can judge her
She blamed her family her step-father touched her
She tried to tell her mom but her mom was to
Drunk ta' really give a fuck and all disgust her
She sat back and watched her daughter suffer so
Her trust in love and life's lost it's luster anyway I hope you rocked
Her up if you fucked her though cus shit gets thick like
The fur in the neck of a buffalo when your pissin' an
Your dickhead hurts but you gotta let it burn like an
Usher song and try to play it off like nothings wrong
But I know it won't be long I see my homie at school and
He said "what ya know?" he said you gotta reap what
You sow so many people try to swim against an undertone
In This street life yeah!

()

(3)
We was young and dumb full of bad ideas(Bad ideas)
So the past five years(past five years) I be
Looking back like shit! how the fuck did I make it
I'm just glad I did(Glad I did) Slick called me up
And told me Black got killed I was like for real dawg?
In disbelief somebody shot em up a couple years back
He lived now he's gone for good and I pray he rest in peace
It's terrible knowin' you'll never to see your friends
Face again I guess thats why protection is a necessity
You can expect to see your life expectancy not be
That long when you let the streets become your 2nd home they
Didn't have a choice accept your roll hoping they can see the
Next episode someone will shoot you in the head with the wrong
Sweater they cold-blooded and never lose a wink of sleep
And the cops don't care neither it's squat to them your dead body
Is just another crime scene to sweep and I ain't never been
A gangsta but thanks to Gwinnett growing up I did seen some
Things I just hope the friends that I named in this song
Are watching over with the Angel wings when we livin' this
Street life!

()