Final-Frontier-remix-:RJD2
Alright.
Yo! From the top!
Alright, okay
This is how we talk shit for 8 bars at the beginning
My team always winning
In the front row, grinning

We breathe adrenaline and exhale acid rain
Play with broken glass, shake off the pain
We roll on you fast, take off your gold chain
We take all the cash we take all the blame
We move all the merch, CDs and shirts
For you this is a game but for me this is work
I clock in soon as I step on the stage
I get paid when my record is played
The Final Frontier...
...is when you master the stereo mix and tweak
Snares and kicks like hands and fists
So when you know, let the next man diss
But act like you don't care one bit (ha!)
See 'em around, give 'em a pound when his hand extends
you crack a smile
And punch him dead in his shit, see, ha
Soul Position in sole possession of pole position
Hold your breath and listen

We're here!
The final frontier!

We're here now niggas.
Man, damn these hoes
Smack a herb in his face and strike a b-boy pose
With a little alligator shirt, don't make me
Spit a verse with the subs all bassy
I been doing this since 10 years old
And ever since then they wouldn't leave me alone
You know O is so far you can't see the throne
You're lucky, if you peep my ankle
Your girl's hands, she's grabbing her ankles
Working my box spring and singing the Star Spangled
Bitch I ain't a patriot! I'm more like a
jet type that'll hit you with a lead pipe,
if the stats don't land right
Niggas try to kill me but I caught the kite
(That's why) They say "they're here" like Poltergeists
We're here niggas!

We're here! (Hey Rambo, get outta bed. Go to school.)
The final frontier! (Alright. set it.)

We breathe adrenaline, Rambo crime Mega Man dust
Fuck computer, I'm 21-bazooka tooth salute
'Plan 9 from Outer-', with a BK-wild hooker out the silo
You can file the 'Frontier' under 'Final'
Vinyl-killer fame, zig-zag brain companion
Tested positive for riot mouth and pled 5 on the damage
With a curfew in the city (right?)
Liberty and justice
Plus Timmy's stuck in a ditch without his dog for once
Hot blood I'm singin' a lung out of a fiery speaker
I like how the emphysema leaks over your Gatekeeper, receivers, & bum aqualung
Where vertebraes are optional, personally I rock one
Personally, I'm Loch Ness; breakwater prickly spine, and bad options
Blastoff geyser, back to the crafting and the last lost We're here! (.bitch.)
The final frontier!

First time I grabbed the pen, It's in stores now motherfucker, pick it up!
Braces still flipping up like Pac rolling his grave
Ever since he left these pseudo-thugs can't behave
They use his name to support frail frames
If it wasn't for them bodyguards your ass would get maimed
I don't play the strap game
I play that bring the bullshit to wax and get slapped game
So fuck a fat chain
I'm bumpin' Bad Brains, or something that strange
While playin' Max Payne - my hood plays the crack game
I'm just a ghetto geek, blessed with the gift of speech
So I can quote Howard Zinn, put a fist to your cheek
Hit rock bottom, french kiss the feet
And make victory my bitch by the end of the week and...

We're here!
The final frontier!

We're here!