Fall:Sevin
Yeah.It's been 2 years man seems like forever tho, it does
I'm back with a new focus man praise God, you feel me?
Heavenly Father give me the words to speak to your people please
Yeah! Let it fall! What's mobbin? Let's go!

I ain't got no time to sit and dream, I am wide awake
The world be putting me to sleep, I'm so tired to fake
Even if I'm doing bad I'm well aware that God is great
And if you don't believe in that, then relli. I do not relate!
Word of scripture in my soul, heading out the state
Before you hit the road man you, better had your product straight
The game is reptilian, feel me man? There's a lot of snakes
If your heart ain't in a proper place, You are the wage!
(You are the way)
Put your flesh on top the plate and let him operate
I promise all your trials is going to eventually accomplish faith
I feel you really, I do.I too grew up dealing
With depression, and a lot of hate
Aggression and a lot of pride
Stressing like it's my mistake 'specially
When my daughter died, (Rest in peace girl)
Test became my lesson is a blessing, I've been modified
It was prophesied upon me that I overcome
Crazy how it took the night to help me get to know the son
I'm standing reppin' only for my testimony
Hoping it will bless 'em when before me you where stressed and lonely
You been predestined homie (Come on)
Repent of all your sins (Do it)
You got enemies, and they the ones you call your friends
(Open your eyes)
We need him for freedom in him it all begins
Created in his image, when it's finished, they gon' call us twins
This is more than just a song that let the music move you (Why)

What's important is I'm gonna introduce Him to you

We came here to bless your name, Came here expecting rain
Let it fall

It's more than a stage or show we need you to save our soul
Let it fall

Yeah, and he was...
Born from a cave and rose from a tomb
The Holy God became a slave absorbing our doom
We took him to court, torched him, tore open his wounds
From the abuse of the bride blood pored from the groom
His actions then exposed the way he loved us tho
Melted my heart, it was frozen like a tub of snow
He died to save us what greater love has another bro?
While I'm the one he chose to cover for? (I will never know)
I'm married to grace, yes I know I'm blessed
How could I ever have earned life when I owed him death?
A sinful male he got the right to throw me into hell
He paid the price, posted bail, No one's in my cell
No one's in your grave, you prove resurrection power

Flesh devoured in the cloud, by which your blessin' showers
Last days it gotta be your prophesy reflects the hour
All hail the Rose Of Sharon, such a precious flower

Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God
So that at the proper time he may exalt you, casting all your anxieties on him, Because he cares for you. Be sober-minded; be watchful your adversary the devil Prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour. Resist him, firm in Your faith, knowing that the same kinds of suffering are being experienced by your Brotherhood throughout the world. And after you have suffered a little while the God of all grace, who has called you to his eternal glory in Christ, will Himself restore, confirm, strengthen, and establish you. To him be the dominion Forever and ever. Amen