Shine:Shades of Culture
Featuring mr. len

Eh eh. what you teaching? professinal speaking
What dem leaking?
Em boy de dis?????? you know say es sosa
I'm bots dynasty running c.m. family
Digi digi you don't say digi what what
Watch dis

mr. len
Me tell dem long time
Where done and you go rise
Oooooh now tink about dat
Me tell ya long time
Where done and you go rise

Shades of culture brethren
Come y'all fee shine

Yo, my action's action packed like the shaolin versus the lama
I'm droppin on your fake personna like a bomber
Who keeping focus. i'm being highly explosive
And folks should know this before they test what i composes
When we bring it live, i'm sure the peeps will see the light
And some would swear i came outta mom-dukes holding a mic
Professional, rub you out with the script in freestyle
To build a strong foundation, before i'm old and senile
Don't touch that dial, you need to lock onto these frequencies

React like killer bees when in the face of enemies
Keep playing the fool, after school you're like the sensai
With 1200 technics like my dj
Embark on missions with the verbal ammunition
I'm closing in on your position to blow up your sound system
Darker shade, revolu, dj storm and mr. len
Make dem weak, sour cheeks so they never come again
'cause y'all know how we do when we pick up these mics and broadcast it
Hit the hip-hop mass with the vocal blast
Now bless this mother's child to never have to pack a nine
And with these rhyme designs, i'm about to light it up like daytime

When i get my mic on, you know its time to party
Throwing suckers in the crowd with their necks bent up oddly
I hardly ever leave the set breaking a sweat
I'm leaving crews with blues from lyrics i haven't even used yet
Bet. strictly laid back on the playback
Vocals sound crisp running through the pat sajak (?)
Paybacks, fifty times harder when i carter(?)
Rise and nerve endings, you're rap career's ending
This day and age exposed to all types of cancer
Like the renessaince you're still searching for the answers
Like a preying mantis, mcs whose only plan is...
Find the shades of culture, but we hidden like atlantis
Handle this, i'm like a candle to you mandibles
The mic melts down and the drips burn your finger tips
Now your rapper's in charge when we bomb hard
Air waves and wave caps, you lose pluck a new card
Boom bap, beats like kris parker
I mark up subways with the marker or a pen
Storm is flipping records, bring the mr. len

Yo, what up kid?
I heard you're back from your jail bid
Spent time in for rhyming on a beat that choice did
Now i see you and i see you committed purgery, no time for home surgery
You called the rhytmn, your own and got indited
Extradited, you couldn't find time to write it
So why claim fame, find your own name
Get a phat producer and you can join the rap game
You best to realize vocally we exercise
With the verbal calithetics aimed directly at your third eye
Initialize contact with beats that break your back
Some get hooked on this, fools get hooked on crack
Me not like that, that's why i strike back like the empire
On the mics we generating heat like forest fires
To clearly understand, you need to dig deep like you was mining
No blitz or eclipse will ever keep this son from shining.