Murderation:Shystie
Look Fury, you still wanna brawl?!
While your mum's got to keep Britain white on her wall
I can re-activate your website with just one call
You transvestite, fat dyke, with elephant balls

I'mma air your dirty linen make your family feud
I know your sister's timetable at Holy Family School
Your dad molested you from the age of two
Disrespecting Shystie, you're either mad or a fool

Your mum don't study law, she's a lying whore!
She sells Providence Insurance from door to door!
At the same time she's committing benefit fraud
Don't let me G her up, and go collect my reward

E956-JAR, ring a bell? That's the "reg" of ya big brother's car
He got dragged out his whip, punched up by your cousins
Got battered out in Stratford, and you didn't do nothing!

Your dad's a deported heroin user
Scans pictures of little kids on his computer
He's a tramped out drunk and he smells of cider
And he works in East as a mini cab driver

Come walk with me, people come follow me
To Leicester, where big sis gets beat horridly
The slags like a punch bag, takin dem blows
She gets beat black and blue looking like little moe

If you was any type of gangsta, you'd get involved
But you're fake, and I'mma let the whole world know
That Corey writes 99% of your flow
Check my publishing credits, bitch I write my own, coz

She likes to start beef, but she cont finish it!
Runnin her mouf like Shy ain't gonna handle it!
Now I'm replyin and I'm causin you embarrassment!
What're you gonna do? RUN TO YOUR MUMMY NOW!

Coelle Beaupierre, you're just a jealous bitch!
I got a deal and you ain't, now get over it!
I'mma end your career in a single hit!
What're you gonna do??? RUN TO YOUR MUMMY NOW!!!

This ain't verbalicious and I sure ain't Sovereign
I don't get clapped up and come back groveling
Fury, I don't know why you're bothering
I guess I'm the shit and you're just the fly hovering

Look, I don't spar with no amateur
Corey's got you gassed taking hits at my character
So now I got to publicly embarrass you
Starting with that crack pipe that you call a manager

‘Here's an idea that can make us…
Let's diss Shystie for some Polydor papers!
Do it now while she's away in Barbados
My cousin Jenny Francis will get us on playlist.'

‘Slow down, Shy's alright!
And plus I wanna sex her good on the sly!
I moved to her online but she won't reply
And if I had one wish she would be my dyke'

Now this is the reason that we don't speak
Fury kissed me on my cheek while I tried to sleep
It's the truth my friends, she's a lesbian!
She spends nights sleeping ‘round Lady Sovereign!

I'mma tell the world all of your deepest secrets
How you cried when you didn't get no free adidas
You're that clown that flopped on the Chancer's series
And got beat by phobia, a chief from Bogna Regis

I'm confused Fury, tell me who you rep
You're just a unloyal sket who won't close her legs
East Connection, Musketeers, Den Defenders, LOS
When you spit I can smell the stale semen on your breath

The only way you'll shine is when you're down on your knees
And you're tasting Ronnie Red-Eye's kids and seeds
If your mum had any sense she would've got down and swallowed you
Your dad should a bashed you out but the prick followed through

One date rape made a mixed race ape
That spits racism on her mixtape
Sayin if ya too black then bleach ya skin
And black rubber lips, she ain't feeling them!

Corey must've Ouija Boarded you back alive
Ask the streets she-man, Ronnie took ya life
Coelle please, you're not real at all
You lost all stripes when your mum made the call

I want money stacks as big as your gut
How can Corey manage you while he's touching you up?
Hello? She's a man why you falling in love?
Check her Adam's apple and the size of her nuts!

I'm taking everything: your dignity, your pride
Ya self-respect, self-esteem, even your run-down ride
Your sterlin silver, your cubic zirconium bling
I'll take the hint of melanin your dad left in your skin, cos

She likes to start beef, but she can't finish it!
Running her mouth like Shy ain't gonna handle it!
Now I'm replying and I'm causing you embarrassment!
What're you gonna do? RUN TO YOUR MUMMY NOW!

Coelle Beaupierre, you're just a jealous bitch!
I got a deal and you ain't, now get over it!
I'mma end your career in a single hit!
What're you gonna do??? RUN TO YOUR MUMMY NOW!!!

(Gunshots) Remember that sound?
I bring déjà vu of someone shootin ya house!
Bullets through your windows, bullets through your couch
Everybody on the ground, wile you're tryna dial out

You're an informer, you better mind out
If you don't roll deep, then don't try and wile out
Why're you bringin arms house to ya mum's house
Shystie's back bitch, take a time out

Who does this girl really think that she's challenging
When it comes to beef, we move like Italians
No murder weapon prints, no trace
No DNA, no court case

Nah she don't want it, we got bare gossip
We shaking hands with the skeletons in her closet
Let's take it back to 2003
When you got booed off Sidewinder with Maxwell D

Bouncers pulled you off the stage when you tried to spit
And if my memory's correct it went something like this:

(Audio clip of Fury at Sidewinder and the crowd booing her off stage)

Follow the yellow brick road to the place we all know
That famous address down in Walthamstow
If you look carefully through the keyhole
You'll see Fury on the floor giving her brother deep throat

I swear down man, this is what I saw
For a bed she had a bloody stained mattress on the floor
Grey knickers wif discharge that's already been wore
Used cotton buds, tampons, on her chest of drawers

‘Fury your damn right, you are the grime queen, ya frowsy'
Nah this done it for me
All I saw was shock waves and a tub of brill cream
There was no afro products in the room to be seen

Sherman Klump says she's got sex appeal
Oh for real? So where's your man, who're you signed to, where's your deal?
When's the last time you got banged? Come on let's be real
And why did Channel U reject your video, what's the deal?

Look, nobody loves you, brers don't hug you
Dats why you get moist when the mans dem spud you
I swear down, ask her mum, ask around, ask her friends, ask her fam'
Fury's never had a man

Well maybe cos she's butch and she looks like a brer
And uses battery acid to relax her hair
I don't really care what you choose to do
But replying to Shystie's a stupid move

Its so bait what ya gonna do next
You're gonna call up my phone and make some more threats
Then you'll try to reply and I'll ignore you again
Killed by me and Red's bitch, this is where it ends

You're now known as the girl MERKED by Shy!
When your name gets mentioned, it's followed by mine!
Callin' out my name thinkin' that you'll get signed
Fury, I'll disrespect any bitch in line!

No way are you real, you broke all street codes
Your mum got involved! You are not road!
You're not the queen in this scene, you're the chief!
The first one in history whose mum squashed the beef!