Just-Might:Skeme
Look! Half sleep Orleans, dream about big faces
I lived while you was sick, and you've been places
These niggas mad as, cause they bitch basic
Throwing global, haters wishing we could switch places
My game down the.. fuck the haters,
Man, just pour some champagne on
Serve, spilling all a lot of niggas stunt for me
Yeah, I'm right here with your bitch, but my money is gone

Oh hell, the underground, king with his ground on
All bitch ass niggas want me gone, put a gown on!
Ride a couple..and get my clown on
Shining all summer with the time we had...
I'm riding with that... get saluted by the mobsters
...real niggas is a problem
For these streets to build the mobster
The hood fuck with us, the strong way
So fuck with me the wrong way and it's gonna be a long way

I just might stunt at these haters, I just might come to your way
I just might come with some traitors, I just might hit me a...
I just might talk that paper, I just might bust me a bitch
I just might hit the club, and they just might play my shit
I just might, I just might, I just might
I just might, I just might, I just might
I just might stunt at these haters,
I just might come to your way
I just might hit the club, and they just might play my shit

I just might spend a little money, I know I'm making it back
Just might pimp me a bitch, know I won't show her no slack
I just might turn on... I just might... more dimes
Just might step all the rappers who...
I just might do what I want, just might do what I please
You just might wanna watch how you're talking
Boy, you're talking to Gs!
Just might kick a few bones, so I might kick a few hoes
I just might be selling work, I just might be..
I just might hang around with... and you just might not know
I just might grew up in a different core, all my shows
I just might roll with the thug, just might not be playing
I'll just be getting new racks, my nigga I'm just saying!
I just might stunt at these haters, I just might come to your way
I just might come with some traitors, I just might hit me a...
I just might talk that paper, I just might bust me a bitch
I just might hit the club, and they just might play my shit
I just might, I just might, I just might
I just might, I just might, I just might
I just might stunt at these haters,
I just might come to your way
I just might hit up the club, and they just might play my shit

..got at least thousands in my...
Got 2 year, wanna...
Cause I black, I let a bitch ...
Got a bad bitch on for life
Got techno shot for...
Man on the 44 ass niggas, all the real niggas want that..
Got a big ego and a dozen egos ..
..say girl, don't waste my time!
..are you out of my mind, bitch,
you'll never get me off my grind!
But I'm all for the moment, moment
Real niggas should fuck my apartment
Gotta wake up and get mine in the morning
So tell me which one of these lame niggas want it
Got a big bag full of racks on racks without a...
The.. is bag, so I don't have to ask
I really round around with the... still
And you could run a .. if you think it's not for real, huh!
Yeah, bitch! The grill on the way, nigga!
Turn up!