Positive:Spearhead
Make me, make me sweat till I'm wet, till I'm dry
But then wipe this tear from my eye
Haven't felt this warm in a long time
Even out in the bright sunshine in a lifetime of springtime

I fall into your arms
With my heart pumpin' on
Like a bubblin' dub track
Like a garlicky hot tongue and lip smack

I did some contemplation
Before we got down to this consecration
Maybe baby, somethin' in your kiss said
It was an impetuous for me to re-think this

If I love you
Then I better get tested
Make sure we're protected

I walk through the park
Dressed like a question mark
Hark!
I hear my memory back
In the back of my brain
Makin' me insane like cocaine

But how am I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
How am I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how am I gonna live my life If I'm positive?

It dawned on me, it seemed to me
This is unusual scenery
This red light greenery, make me feel kinda dreamery
Thinkin' how I used to be

Arrive at the clinic, walk through the front door
Take a nervous number
Then I think some more about all the time
That I neglected, makin' sure that I was protected

They took my blood
With an anonymous number
Two weeks waitin', wonderin'

I should-a done this a long time ago
A-lot of excuses why I couldn't go
I know, these things and these things, I must know
'Cause it's better to know than to not know!

But how am I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
How am I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how am I gonna live my life If I'm positive?

I go home to kick it in my apartment
I try to give myself a risk assessment
The wait is what can really annoy ya
Everyday's more paranoia

I'm readin' about how it's transmitted
Some behavior I must admit it
Who I slept with, who they slept with
Who they, who they, who they slept with?

I think about life and immortality
What's the first thing I do if I'm H.I.V.
Have a cry and tell my mother

Get on the phone and call my past lovers
I never thought about infectin' another
All the times that I said, "Hmm, don't bother"

Was it really all that magic?
The times, I didn't use a prophylactic

Would my whole life have to change?
Or would my whole life remain the same?
Sometimes it makes me wanna shout!
All these things too hard to think about

A day to laugh, a day to cry
A day to live and a day to die
Till I find out, I may wonder
But I'm not gonna live my life six feet under

But how am I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
How am I gonna live my life if I'm positive?
Is it gonna be a negative?
But how am I gonna live my life If I'm positive?