Rejoice:Supastition
Intro: 
I guess it’s time to answer that question that some of y’all been wondering. 
What really happened? Why I left the industry and all that. Let me just say it was more personal than business. 
And business wasn’t making it any better either. 
So I had to take a step back and get my life right. Let me explain.

Verse one: 
Since we last spoke, I left you with a pessimistic attitude battered, bruised, learned rapper’s confidence ain’t shatter- proof 
Nowhere to channel all the disappointment that accrued self-imposed exile, 3 year sabbatical 
not that it matters to you, you found music elsewhere 
I found a 9 to 5, survived a couple of health scares 
I never questioned why all my records were selling average I was only caring about repairing my failing marriage 
and being a better husband after all them European tours 
it wasn’t worth all of the personal drama she endured 
we became best friends, I dealt with depression 
accepted that my passion should never be my profession that’s based on how my personality functions 
(and the Williams) I found a better way to balance ‘em monthly 
no surprise that most of fans are out of the country 
I make music on the side, that’s how I live comfortably now 

Chorus: 
I’m back to doing what I love now, Im back to fight another round. 
So forever more, all hail your boy and the let world rejoice, now sing it out loud 
I’m back to doing what I love now, Im back to fight another round. 
So forever more, all hail your boy and the let world rejoice. 

Verse two: 
There’s been some humbling moments within this musical biz 
when your name’s finally growing but no foods in the fridge they scream “hell yeah, you ripping it” 
but I didn’t have no Bel-Air wealth here, it was closer to a welfare recipient 
the underground they always take pride in being rebellious they champion the underdogs, applaud the failures 
it’s hard to tell when your personal life takes a nosedive when four, five hundred or thousand are at your shows live face problems? no, we rap away our lives 
only way to escape is a Donny Hathaway demise 
so I thought it was wise to leave, strengthen me mentally my life was hitting rock bottom, partner, fuck an industry don’t riddle me with talk about publicity stunts 
check my history, when I been known to visibly front? 
all these record companies crumbling, yo it would be dunce I love hip hop, I guess I just missed it for once. you understand, right? 

Chorus: (Repeat) 

Outro: 
Ayo, your man Supastition, he gone rock, rock 
and all the fans listening, they gone rock rock 
you know it’s magnificent they way we rock rock come on, worldwide, stateside, we keep the place live yeah, Veterano, he gone rock rock 
and North Carolina, yeah, they gone rock rock 
we gone turn my home state into a hot spot 
come on, worldwide, stateside, we keep the place live, live, live