Set-It-Off:The Away Team
(feat. Talib Kweli & Rapsody)

They try to get closer to king like .. 
Track nigga check that it .. like never darling 
One of ..to the rivers it springs about .. 
The whole city got with me 
The spirit got me grab like ..
The spirit so follow me to the crib 
Make strong out of the .. from stealing the .. 
what we live and even when we good feelin with the fifth 
they will kidnap ..baby back pay me back 
my baby is the murderer as maniac 
So maybe that not quite .. on the way we act 
when i stay the facts, this game is a gift
let’s should have stayed .. I treated like ..26 and i take it back 
..the way i love the .. cant’t crack
They will never make an .. for that 

Hook:
Set it off let if off, get it off 
Set it off let if off, get it off 
Lord rush they ain’t doing nothing with me 
If you really want it be a .. better come get it 
Set it off let if off, get it off 
Set it off let if off, get it off 
When you’re sick of playing games 
Switch lanes like a race track gambler 

So much to say but never to my face 
If it aint’ in my agenda they rape me on my .. 
and the beauty of the .. never in perfect place 
i disgrace for the .. I’ll be fighting for every day 
..nigga show ass ..glass in the window begging nigga for it’s .. 
Never want it in my .. i suppose you niggas forgot him 
Left the .. to recognize great the hands too much bad
They couldn’t recognize the base of your face was a hitter
As balls they never had a .. i’ll lead home .. stop a career
hit to the face ..my nigga call like the .. i was only so don’t fuck with em stuck with em 
I bring your .. start that i often fuck you niggas stuck with me.. on mixttape
Everything that is work is rap .

..back with the force run .. 
Attacking the .. imagine me and my team ..
taking all that you for the worst the whole track 
take it to the .. tell em ..for the words that ..take em off 
role that’s crashing the .. favourite ..verse got em all luck 
Come .. best up..
So fuck up ...
They like .. is time to set it off

Set it off let if off, get it off 
Set it off let if off, get it off 
Lord rush they ain’t doing nothing with me 
If you really want it be a .. better come get it