The-Hiatus:The Black Opera
There ain't no ro- a-ain't no more rules, my nigga
No more rules. I mean niggas'll take some classic shit
Some classic hip-hop shit and just spit over the beat like, "Fuck it!"
But shit, how you think we made this shit?
From the jumps, no fucking rules
We took James Brown, younahmean? Flip that shit
No fucking rules, man, it's no fucking rules in hip-hop
Rap, whatever the fuck you wanna call it
We just making music how we feel it
Somebody gon' feel that shit - whoever don't, fuck 'em!"The real... hip-hop"
"MCing, and DJing. from your own mind, ya know?"
"I, I guess right now we should start the show"Yeah, fuck it, go stupid, get zooted, do koon shit
We losin anyway, might as well go out shooting
Fuck it! Start gunning, getcha numbers, nigga do dumb shit
There ain't no coming back from this, we already down by damn near hundred, see.Life done fucked with the wrong nigga
So I'm finna turn up like a car ignition
I'll split a nigga wig like Paul Mitchell
It's the real, nigga, no false fiction
Consequences, contradiction
Everybody one big contradiction
Just make the peaceful outweigh the evil
That's rules to live by - Operaizm
See your shit, I turn down like raw twat from a burnout
You're no match for TBO, TKO, first round
You lyrical miracle spiritual niggas can get it too
Cause we ain't hearing you neither
This is that ether, either you with us or you beneath us
Ego is big as Aretha, my pinky is up on my tea cup
Distinguished, gentleman living that leisure, life of a genius
Tortured method to my madness, falling Cannonball, Adderley on Adderall
Saxophone, acid rain forecast galoreAnd the average rapper says...
Waddup, my nigga? Yo yo, straight up lemme tell you some shit
Yo, you started that shit off dope, on some koon shit, my G
Like you was actin like you was tryna talk reparations, make-that-money, nigga
Then you got that old like, super-lyrical MF DOOM, Wu-Tang, dead prez
Y'all some dead prez ass nigga, don't nobody wanna hear that shit
What you tryna kick knowledge? Fuck - that, nigga
I got degrees and shit, nigga, I chose this life, nigga
Niggas is out here makin cash, nigga
Yo, swag that shit out, you sound like you tryin too hard, my nigga
Niggas, this ain't 1990! You ain't Joey Badass, my nigga
("You know my steez")
The fuck, nigga? Fuck you, nigga. what?
("Let em know, do your thing y'all")
("Keep it live")
I mean yeah, we making Koon Sh! t, but we makin money, my nigga
Money my nigga
("To the beat y'all")Don't nobody wanna hear that hip-hop, young nigga turn down that boombox
From Joey Budden to Joey Bad, niggas in my hood say they both ass (damn)
I used to feel like in the outcast, where I'm from, there's koon shit
Niggas wasn't even feeling that OutKast when it first came out, are you hip?
To that Wu-Tang, they say "What?", but niggas was bumping that Spice 1
And niggas was bumping that 2Pac, but Pharcyde they say "What?"
Niggas in my hood ain't came from money, so they only respect what's making money
So we put on our suits and ties for money, rappers put on chains then they hang from 'em
Let an underground nigga say new slaves, it's boring, it's boring
Let the nigga Kanye say that shit, it's scoring, it's scoring
We're whoring ourselves out for what? - That cheese
Either way you gon' live on your knees, either way you gon' live on your knees
What we do for money is ugly, is ugly, that koon shit is stupid, I agree, I agree
Some rappers prob'ly woulda been a janitor if it wasn't for koon shit on planet Earth
Now these coon-ass niggas is millionaires, these coon-ass niggas is millionaires"You know my steez"Oh oh, that's how you supposed to do it, right?
Double it? Yeah, Black to the Opera
No Soul with the De La, forget all them players
We the Rhymesayers, yeah
Let 'em know. Sometimes you gotta have fun with it, man
The mic
Y'all niggas is stupid, man! Y'all niggas is stupid!
Y'all the dumbest smart niggas I know, man!