Donk:The Commission
Yep Yo a yo I was on the plane with the wayne.
You can call me whitley I go to hill mane.
Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game.
Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane.

When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the yankee.
I was fuckin' with base I was pitchin' to franky.
These bitches so cranky, give them a hanky.
My mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky

Yep Flyer then a kite I get higher then rapunzel.
Keep the snow white I could buy it buy the bundle.
Step your cookies up for they crumble.
Don't be actin' like the cardinals and gone fumble (fumble).

'Cause I'm a steeler fresh up out the dealer.
All the dope boys gone steal her. Flow so sick I need a healer.
Fuck, is my mac concealer.

I be out in queens on the back of fort weep weep da weep da wheelers I'm a big bill.
That's why I get more head than a pig tale.
Puts some mansh I'm gettin' the munchies.
I think I have a wrap bitch from a entree'

'Cause they be thinkin' niggas spit, spit shine my shoes.
You know I keep a bad bitch let me sign your boobs.
I'm the only thing hoppin' like a kangaroo.
I mean the only thing poppin' like a can of brew.

Listen u should buy a sixteen 'cause I write it good.
That eight o eight woof woof 'cause I write it good.
And bitches can't find their man 'cause I ride it good.
I'm the woof where is that is a ridin' hood.

I like to see a itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her park it.
I don't fuck with pigs like osalamalekam, I put em in a fill.
I let oscar myer bake em.

And if you see a itty bitty piggy in a market.
Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her park it.
I don't fuck with pigs like osalamalekam, I put em in a fill and I let oscar myer bake em.

It's like I just single handedley anilated.
You know every rap bitch in the building.
Like like I'm nicki minaj, nicki lewinski, nicki the ninja, nicki the boss, nicki the harajuku barbie.
Like I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point.
Like give up, it's me, I win you lose.
Hahahahahahaha o shit hahaha yo.
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a I'm a bad bitch Hahahahahaha
I told you, I told you before, I told you ya'll was gon have to pick my fruit out.
Now listen, in addition to pickin' my fruit out I want ya'll to start going to the boutiques. Know what I'm saying.
Get some get some get some crazy shit for me.
I want I want you know leopard skin and you know I want I want all that crazy lizard skin shit like you know make sure.
You can be my personal shopper.

Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
A yo

Yep