Get-Mine:Vado
(Intro)
Hey Nino
Whatever ground that

(Interlude)
Hey I see pookie trippin off the caine again
Word! Yo, I don’t know you what’s your game again?
Who you? This nigga back to counting change again
Word, just came out of court the body gotta change again.
I see pookie trippin off the caine again
Yo, I don’t know you what’s your game again?
Who you? This nigga back to countin change again
Just came out of court the body gotta change again.

(Verse
What’s good now pop, you and the hood now ho
You think the shit sweet like they don’t get down harm
I’ve seen you when you creep you try to hit down son
But he ran that’s when you told us these mans to get down huh
You think you all lack guess who the shit now huh?
You need to fall back before you get fowl humble,
No lie, word from the wise you need to skip down done
It’s a job, and none of the guys I gotta get pounds from
Get em out, will string the bell shit, bullets hurt and it felt shit
He felt quick, shots in his pelvis, nigga Elvis,
I don’t know about that but my nigga smell this, we sell this
And fix in the parking lot of the Celtics, Boston Garden got Boston problems,
That George young up and down shit, we force them robbin
They told em no come around, can’t walk in Harlem
So we moonwalk down every block flossin on em.
(Who’s bad?)

(Hook x2)
Niggas wasting their time, I gotta get mine,
All day on the grind, I gotta get mine,
Bitch nickels and dimes, I gotta get mine,
Yeah I gotta get mine, you already know Slime.

(Verse)
All over sudden niggas tough you know that ain’t good,
Finding on the block, much that mean I ain’t hood,
Paid in full like AZ but ain’t wood,
I play to role goldey P, I’m a straight bull,
3 80 pool, waving that at your students,
Youngins ain’t got the heart, old niggas was making them shoot it
It was pumping if I’m from the start, old niggas making me move it
Break of day in the park, old niggas drinking and wooping
Playing card cars maneuvring, most haters the movement,
I’m from A life you could lose it,
You brung the mike I’ll abuse it,
I’m dumb nice that I’m stupid, so retarded you garbage,
I fuck with none of your music,
On your carpet departed, that’s always done with the shooting,
Don’t worry bout it, I got it,
I hit em once in his deuces, peace
I always come in exclusives, don’t put me on,
Never wait on love for the new shit.

(Hook x2)
Niggas wasting their time, I gotta get mine,
All day on the grind, I gotta get mine,
Bitch nickels and dimes, I gotta get mine,
Yeah I gotta get mine, you already know Slime.

(Verse)
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I gotta get mine, you gotta get yours
I’m trying yo get mine you should be trying get yours
Stop watching mine ’cause I’m not watching yours,
Nigga I’m cold, nigga I floss
I have all the wolves out, black hoods out,
Nigga I’m good out, go to good out,
‘Cause I don’t give a fuck like going wrong,
Eye pulls out.

(Hook x2)
Niggas wasting their time, I gotta get mine,
All day on the grind, I gotta get mine,
Bitch nickels and dimes, I gotta get mine,
Yeah I gotta get mine, you already know Slime.