It-s-On:Young Cellski
'Urrey, wasup my young nigga?
Maan, them niggas that tried to do some dirt the other day just rolled through this muthafucka, mane
F'real? What kinda car them niggas in?
You know that white... That white Lark?
This Lark comin' down the street right now?
Man, watch out man

Punk ass niggas!

The 9mm rained shots up from the block
Them niggas who was muggin ended up gettin shot
These niggas always gas and throwin on they mean-mug
You fuck around with this young locc you might catch three slugs
(?) I had to wet ya, how you gone let a nigga gas you before he blast you?
Because you was a punk, you wasn't down for the funk
That's why marks like you don't get no love
One love to all my niggas up in the pen
One love to my niggas on the set gone off Hen
One time for that ass, two times when I blast
And when I put the 9mm to your head, gimme all your cash
I come from Cali, the home of the golden state
Comin' outta Frisco, the city of earthquakes
And we known for shaking and breaking niggas down
Niggas up in the town walk around with their mug on mean, straight frown
Niggas don't give a fuck, I never did as a kid
Or maybe that's the reason my lifestyle ended up like this

A born killa in a world with too much gang
And my folks all they say is my mama to blame

But nobody can say shit to me
Unless you got some dank or some drank or some MD 20/20

Because 2Took was the name that was given to me

Cause everyday I was gone off the dank and Hennesy

It's on, the muthafuckin funk is on

So you niggas stay strapped with your muthafuckin chrome

Cause it's on, the muthafuckin funk is on
So you niggas stay strapped with your muthafuckin chrome
Cause it's on, the muthafuckin funk is on

So you niggas stay strapped with your muthafuckin chrome
Cause it's on, the muthafuckin funk is on
So you niggas stay strapped with your muthafuckin chrome

I'm goin fetty, gold thangs on everythang
And every car that I had, it was known to swang
High speed chases through the cuts and backstreets
Playin with the popes cause I know, they can't catch me
Hit a few corners, now I'm back in the high-speed
Cause the SFD block and white is right behind me
Threw my shit in low, push the pedal to the floor
I gotta get up outta here cause I got a sack of dope
This is the situation, I'm facin violation of probation
I gotta get up outta here cause mo' comes from the station
And now it's on! On like light switch
Gotta skitty-skurrt up outta here on this little trick
Hit a right down the L goin' about 80 by the park
Seen hella black and white chasin me with the narks
Once I'm through the Daft, I'm bouncin out to my spot
I gots to lay low-key cause I make the turf hot
Got on the phone, report my car stolen
So the next day a young nigga can be rollin
It's just an everyday thang in the sucka free
If you get caught slippin you gots to pay the penalty
The enemies always tryna get me
If it ain't these niggas tryna smoke me, it's the police fucking with me
And I wish they would leave me alone
But if they don't, muthafuckas, it's gone be on!