Bonafide-Overdue:yU 
Chorus
-
Now lemme hear u say Bonafide
On the rhyme. Ears, got 'em open wide.
U know the time, truth is what we gon provide
For you, if u allow me to. Plus my name's yU..
Remainz Crew is up in this
Better off now, we handle business
I meant this. That's why I keep the sentance, vintage
So u'll remember this down the line
Say it with me one time, Bonafide
-
1st verse
-
I need quiet. Peace of mind is a high to me, obviously
Becuz I feel driven, like most high's guiding me
Molding me. Showing me the steps cuz I was told to reach for the sky, so I do..
Everyday I'm going thru
The day to day, melee for pay, they say,
"Get it however u can, that's the American way..
Kill, steal, sword, shield. If u're chill than ur soft
Why build? Just destroy, anyone can be bought.."
Nahhh.. Not y, I've got pride, prove it all the time by my way of walking.
I be the first to spark it
City of Dark Chocolate, now.. add just a bit of French Vanilla
It's a set-up, hard to keep you head up
Fed up, we end up generation-Y
It aint safe outside, to survive is my dayjob
Pray hard, thank God change aint that far..
We raise the bar on that raw,
Yup, that's the way we are.. Raw
-
Hook

Bonafide. Nope, nahh, they can try to break my spirit..
I don't think its gonna work
I've got my eyes on the prize, peace of mind allright, as long as I'm on earth
I put my hands up high, (its allright)
I'm bonafide with mine (its allright)
Until my life expires (its allright)
I'm bonafide with mine (its llright, yeahh)
-
2nd verse
-
Now lemme see, jealousy, greed, lust, glutony, hate, envy, and doubt.. That aint the route that I'm about, I shout.. "Yeah"
If u wit me, better be fast cuz in a flash your life can past. Throwing jabs, Shatan has no power over Michael Willingham
I stand, stern, earning, learning, daily I'm determined yall
Iming to leave the surface floor, the planet earth is small
I'm trynna see it all, remainz are what we are called
If u wanna be the boss, first u gotta be adults
I can see your pulse, pumping, moving too fast
Alotta folks be gettin bread, but what do u do with ur cash
Making it rain, that is a trait of mother earth & the clouds
We be so materialistic that it's hurting us now
We go to work with a frown, bound, doing what we're allowed
Fake smile. To the bosses feet, you bow down
or your belly gon growl, economy is wild now.. How does laid off sound
You've got a child, found out, u foul..
-
Hook 2
-
Now you can say whatcha say, That's fine, okay. I put my principles first.
Go head & do whatcha do, imma be there soon. Don't even matter who's first at all.
I put my hands up high, (its allright)
I'm bonafide with mine (its allright)
Until my life expires (its allright)
I'm bonafide with mine (its llright, yeahh)

(Repeat Chorus)