The-Drill:Zion I
Produced By: AmpLive 


[Verse One]
Stranded on this island
Myself needing solid ground
Let the match spark the flame like a pilot
See me on the side and little Z better holla
Always pop my collar, roll like a rottweiler
Diesel when we flex this, slide in my Lexus
Amp Live always represent Texas
I'ma get it hotter than a dance hall chatta {echo}
Flex like it's oral sex, vexed as your [?]
Why you gettin' jeal', baby [?]
I keep it solar, melt down your polar
You're just a little baby cub, I'm a sonar
I've been doin it and doin it well
But you probably couldn't tell cause I'm short on my mail
Make or break since double 8, makin' it sell
But they told me at the label but I rebel
I'm like Nat Turner carrying two black burners
My rap stacks attack like axe murders
And push further to the point, no return
Zion I burn like a big stick of sherm

[Hook]
Is you with this? (what?) You know the drill
It's Zion I, massive on the real
Did you like that? (one) We gotta be (two)
We end on a (three) then we rock for you... {x2}

Is you with this?
Come on little mama, is you with this?
Come on little mama, is you with this?
Come on little mama, yeah...

[Verse Two]
I'm like the cat working corporate that never got a raise
Who slaved in Hell a thousand days, underpaid
Went to school to be a scholar now I'm miseducated
Fuck what you know if you still can't make it
Seen a sister shake or break it to pay them monthly bills
Tuition, rent, survival skills it's for real
But I'm stuck in this limbo, I speak to my kinfolk
Relate to the style cause you understand, you been broke
Seen a lot of sufferin, seen a lot of woes
But where I finally go only mighty Jah knows
So I, spit my lines making minds hypnotize
I hope the gates of Heaven open wide when I die
While you clamor with glamour I'll be stammering grammar
You like Arm & Hammer, I'm the funk Alabama
To bounce with the clout bringing large amounts
Trust me, keep it dusty, turn shit out

[Hook]