Lean-Wit-It-Rock-Wit-It:Dem Franchize Boyz feat Lil Peanut & Charlay:1:2006-09-09

Lean wit it, rock wit it!
Lean wit it, rock wit it,
Lean wit it, rock wit it,
Lean wit it, rock wit it,
Lean wit it, rock wit it,
Lean wit it, rock wit it,
Lean wit it, rock wit it,
Lean wit it, rock wit it!

I bounce in the club so the ho's call me Rocky,
Posted in the cut, and im lookin for a blockhead,
Yup in my white tee! I break a bitch back,
And I keep a big bank, oh I think dey like dat!
Before I leave the house, im slizzard on a goose,
And im higher then a plane, so a nigga really loose,
And I can lean wit it, and I can rock wit it,
And if u gotta friend, she gotta suck a cock wit it!

Ay gon n rock wit it, gon n lean wit it,
Rock so damn hard, u break your spleen wit it,
Pull up ya jeans wit it, smoke some green wit it,
N da spot aint crunk? bitch if we ain't in it?
If u don't wanna do it, then I'll make ya dance,
Perfect example watch me make your face beat up my hands,
When you see me hit the spot, betta watch dat boy,
Chalay, from the road and dem franchize boyz!

Ain't too clean to wanna pop lock from left to right and make a lean,
Bobbin to da beat, check my feet, he ain't got these!
I rock them, bend my knees everytime the beat drop lean wit it, rock wit it, freeze before yo fingers pop
Purple lean, purple, green, grams in my socks
What the fuck you mean u ain't seen Buddie on tha block?!
They call me Doctor Doc, I prescribe what a nigga need
Make 'em lean and rock, old school people pat ya feet

Young Pimpin in tha club, see dem hoes tryna act up
Cause the see my chain and a nigga throwin dem stacks up
I keep a full clip and my pistol in my pants, I'm in da middle of da flo, they screamin "nigga do yo dance"
Now you can roll yo arms, and just put 'em in rotation
From side to side and snap yo fingaz like dem Temptaions
Boy I'm all outta state doin the dance, they never seen that
I ain't Fat Joe, but snap ya fingaz then ya lean back

Rock left den snap ya fingers, rock right den snap ya fingers,
Ayyy wats hannenin? lean wit me, rock wit me,
Gotta pill pop wit me, gon take a shot wit me,
Call me Teddy, I got grams don't hate, nigga shop wit me,
BHS, Trapsquad, DIS we known bitch!
Franchize aint got no money? shiiit hold on hold on bitch!,
Dis trap shit n rap shit, I done did dat shit,
Lean wit it, rock wit it, gon jig dat shit ayyy,

The Squad, Baker Road, and Franchize on some otha shit,
Left witcha bitch, wit an ounce, and a stiff dick,
Didn't have to say much, 'cause she seem obliged,
Walked off the club, got on the phone, called her gurl for menage,
Wat im all up to, shit lets see how it turned out,
Gotta crack-headed broad, now we headed to my house,
Ay u wit that G shit right?
'cause I done leaned, I done rocked all muhfuckin night!

Lean wit it, rock wit it!