I ain't gonna even front people
Went through a whole box of philly's on this one
Half a Bottle of (voo?), Woulda went through a whole bottle if my nigga boo ain't help me
Hold me up daddy
God
Gotta understand girl
Got me feeling like this...
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
Got me feeling... got me feelin like this...
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
Gotta hear me out

Yeah
I used to love her
Fuck it I still do
Cause love never die
But it can kill you
I pray to heavens sky, that it never kill me
It can get you real weak
But fuck it I'm a little G
My babygirl thought I was fuckin' every little freak
But darlin' I was raised by a woman, that ain't the real me
Still she managed to to spill out, a little me
Watched the doctors wipe the blood, from her little feet
And God damn she resembles me
She's my forgiveness for every sin and penalty livin' in me?
She should be livin' with me
But what am I to do, when her mother disagree
I do me but...

(How can something so right... go so wrong)
Got me feelin'... got me feelin'... got me feelin like this...
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
Got me feelin'... yah understand
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
You gotta know... you gotta know where I'm comin' from
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
I don't even know why I still care man

Yeah
I even took your hand, and walked down the aisle
It takes a strong man, to do that youngin woww
Look at your wedding band, that's 17 thou
But still she took the stand, now I pay for my child
And there comes divorce, mama I had to file
And as sad as it sounds, mama I'm happy now
And my other girl got a new baby daddy now
In retaliation her, she gettin' married now
And when I lay down to sleep, I feel like I have died
I can be carried out, and buried now
But hear me now, I am here and now
So appealin' till I disappear but still it got me feelin' like...

(How can something so right... go so wrong)
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
This real...

I'm in my early 20s, now all the ladies dig me
They like that baby face, they like the baby in me
That's why it's weezy baby, and please say the baby
You know that nigga baby, yah he done paid me crazy
I won a few source awards, I haven't won an a oscar
So I don't know how to act, like my sweet ain't sour
So I run to my mama
She let me smoke and fret bout my drama, then give me power
I'm a go and use all my knowledge and get acknowledged
If the pro tools? stop recording, I'm still ballin'
I know you probably don't care about where my heart is,
But just to let you know, it's where yours is...
But...

(How can something so right... go so wrong)
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
(How can something so right... go so wrong)
(How can something so right... go so wrong)