Punk ass mothafuckah, get your ass up What'chu was goin do? Kill me in my sleep you bitch ass nigga? Tupac, Biggie! Shut the fuck up! Fucking dogs barking and shit...   Fuck you nigga!   (Chorus) (Lil Wayne) And I'm grindin' til I'm tired They say "You ain't grindin' til you tired" So I'm grindin' with my eyes wide Looking to find A way Through the day A life For the night Dear Lord You've done took so many of my people but I'm just wonderin' why You haven't taken my life Like what the hell am I doing right? My life...   (The Game) Take me away from the hood like a state penitentiary Take me away from the hood in the casket or a Bentley Take me away Like I overdosed on cocaine Or take me away like a bullet from Kurt Cobaine Suicide, I'm from a Windy City, like "Do or Die" From a block close to where Biggie was crucified That was Brooklyn's Jesus Shot for no fuckin' reason And you wonder why Kanye wears Jesus pieces? Cause that's Jesus people And The Game, he's the equal Hated on so much, "The Passion of Christ" need a sequel Yeah, like Roc-a-fella needed Sigel Like I needed my father, but he needed a needle I need some meditation, so I can leave my people They askin' "Why?" Why did John Lennon leave The Beatles? And why every hood nigga feed off evil? Answer my question before this bullet leave this Desert Eagle  (Chorus) (Lil Wayne) And I'm grindin' til I'm tired They say "You ain't grindin' til you tired" So I'm grindin' with my eyes wide Looking to find A way Through the day A life For the night Dear Lord You've done took so many of my people but I'm just wonderin' why You haven't taken my life Like what the hell am I doing right? My life  (The Game) We are not the same, I am a Martian So approach my Phantom doors with caution You see them 24's spinnin', I earned them And I ain't no preacher, but here's my Erick Sermon So eat this black music, and tell me how it taste now And fuck Jesse Jackson cause it ain't about race now Sometimes I think about my life with my face down Then I see my sons and put on that Kanye smile Damn, I know his momma's proud And since you helped me sell my dream, we can share my momma now And like MJB, "No More Drama" now Livin' the good life, me and Common on common ground I spit crack and niggas could drive it outta town Gotta Chris Paul mind state, I'm never outta bounds My life used to be empty like a glock without a round Now my life full, like a chopper with a thousand rounds  (Chorus) (Lil Wayne) And I'm grindin' 'til I'm tired They say "You ain't grindin' 'til you tired" So I'm grindin' with my eyes wide Looking to find A way Through the day A life For the night Dear Lord You've done took so many of my people but I'm just wonderin' why You haven't taken my life Like what the hell am I doing right? My life  (The Game) Walk through the gates of Hell, see my Impala parked in front With the high beams on, me and the Devil share chronic blunts Listening to the "Chronic" album, playing backwards Shootin' at pictures of Don Imus for target practice My mind fucked up, so I cover it with a Raider hood I'm from the city that made you motherfuckers afraid of Suge Made my grandmother pray for good And never made her happy, when I bet that new Mercedes could Ain't no bars, but niggas can't escape the hood They took so many of my niggas, that I should hate the hood But it's real niggas like me, that make the hood Ridin' slow in that Phantom just the way I should With the top back In my Sox hat I'm paid in full, the nigga Alpo couldn't stop that Even if they brought the nigga Pac back I'd still keep this motherfucker cocked back  (Chorus) (Lil Wayne) And I'm grindin' til I'm tired They say "You ain't grindin' til you tired" So I'm grindin' with my eyes wide Looking to find A way Through the day A life For the night Dear Lord You've done took so many of my people but I'm just wonderin' why You haven't taken my life Like what the hell am I doing right? My life...  My life...  My life...  My life...