...
(MikeWillMadeIt)
...
Remix
We fall asleep naked, we wake up naked
You know what that means, pussy for breakfast
and I know how she like it... I'm a psycic
I eat it then I go back to sleep, that's that Idas
and she be by herself, she a loner,
Truckfit; I'm the owner.
I make her moan, call her Mona.
I have a threesome if they cloned her.
and me, I'm purple kush forever
I'm purple drank forever
a dick make her retarted, she said I make her feel special
and I ain't thinking bout them other hoes. every since you put that pussy on me.
I told her put that pussy on me right and I'ma change your life
and don't sit on top of this dick if you're scared of heights.
and shawty be like,
"this pussy for you"
I asked her "is it's true?" and she said "like a horse shoe"
she got that nigga name covered, that's her war wound
she lay me on my back and ride this dick like VROOM
then I turn on the lights. yeah! and look in her eyes
girl that pussy too tight, you need a pussy massage
she got a body like a mermaid, she a plus versay.
they ask me what's her race and I say first place.
TUNECHI
tell her I skate, and shawty down to earth but bitch I need my space
and she gon' ride this dick, I had a long day
she say "cum anywhere you want" I give her santa clause face
we gon' turn up tonight
that pussy feel new, but we been fuckin way before i went to rikers island
and now she got a man, i think he gayer than a stylist
i wish we were both single like a couple dollars.
and when we get together she be on that Miley Cyrus, 'til we eat each other up like some Simiyans
she know I got a girl but she keep that shit a thousand
whenever we together she don't ever ask about her, she just be like "this pussy for you"
I say come and eat this bone and stop eating dog food
and she got that nigga name covered that's her war wound
and she lay me on my back and then she blow me like BOOM
then i turn on the lights. yeah! and look in her eyes
girl that pussy too tight you need a pussy massage
she got a body like a mermaid she a plus versay and I put her in her place and that's first place
TUNECHI
tell her I skate, I ain't got no worries, no Frank Ocean I'm straight
TUNECHI
tell' em I'm straight
TUNECHI
...
ha!
...