Hood-Gone-Love-It:Birdman
(Feat. Rick Ross & Birdman)


Chorus: 
Keepin' it g ain't nothing, 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
watching young nigger show his ass i'm pumping 
i got the whole block bumping 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
watching young nigger show his ass i'm pumping 

Nah, nah, nah, you know what this is 
tell them this is celebration 
with the barbeque dips and the mini bites 
min skirts in the seas and the .. lights 
down below tables, we got big 6 
round from we do concrete back flips 
flip-flop, flip-flop, flip-flop back 
do the ghettos where i bring hip hop back 
real niggers love me, they tell me keep it pushin' 
the only niggers ... for waste out of central bullets 
county jails and I'm lock downs up north 
said i should have it if ... pass the torch 
that's how they feel jack, looking more than rap 
this that project, hair cut and the quotes .. 
this is where the whose punch you ..that 
meet you quarter whenever i put a quote on the track. 

Chorus: 
keepin' it g ain't nothing, 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
watching young nigger show his ass i'm pumping 
i got the whole block bumping 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
you ain't gotta like cause the hood gone love it 
watching young nigger show his ass i'm pumping 

From compton to baltimore i'ma kill it 
i buy a morgue in a minute, the public house the ... couch of a section 
...the air conditioner broke but i'm cool enough 
to ensure you my ride isn't eskimo, huh 
and i peel off... getting my clothes off 
and i block off energies from the inner cities that we lost, huh? 
i'm putting the ghetto on double my back 
and i live in the back of the jungle 
lions, tigers, bears, oh my 
hear the siren, walk up, drive by 
shooters, looters, federal...intruders 
engines on back of scooter 
the wheel ... and we need to know yeah who you are 
you are in the presence of the mini presence 
...the gift for the future... i said it 
thug life, hood keep mad city, mad respect 
representing the ... life 

[Chorus:] 

the whole girls tells me i'm the shit 
i break them off so they can buy some outfits 
...about their sons... a pack of new toys 
give them the game, school them of what's really important 
it's how i was raised, the og's had me 
13 fresh off the porch 
but i'm wiser now, show them my young niggers 
it's other ways you get them dollars and funs 
coming down in a old school so cool 
whip like a 5 bar call it so cool 
you don't know the tribulations that every girl do 
put your ears to the speakers i'ma show you 
i paint the picture so perfect 
in my cd you see Mona Lisa in person 
courtesy of ... and arm reach, 1 1 

[Chorus:]