Glad-Be-Alive-feat-T-Pain-:Huey
(feat. t-pain)

[intro: huey]
Yeahhhhh, I made it up out the hood my god. thanks to hits committed, jive in the
Building.(you know, big edge, g I see you baby, what up miff.)it still make a n- sit
Back, think and wonder though, ya know, damn.

[verse 1: huey]
But, first of all I thank god for a better day, gettin money, no drugs, found a better way.
No more shootin and fightin posted in alley ways, runnin from cops, throwin rocks, and gang ways.
Remember gettin monkey wrenches turnin hydrants on, anytime of the day, killas turn into fire zones.
Couldn' make it through the hood without it goin down, jumpin n-s, punkin n-s to throw around.
I sit and wonder if I was still there, then what would I be, if I was watchin the late news, then what would I see.
Another homicide, another robbery, but huey made it out now and that ain't stoppin me.
I know it's n-s hatin on me, ain't nothin new, I let my big ass rims give em somethin to do.
Third, I watchin my back, cause n-s plot. it feel good to be alive but still it got me...

[chorus: t-pain]
Sittin on a cadillac, wishin everything was still good at home, even though I know it's not, otherwise I wouldn't be gone.
I can admit that i'm bad I got away from the sad things, every thing that can make a n- mad(mad man)
I gotta say, man it feels good to be alive.

[verse 2: huey]
Look, not only it feel good just to be alive, but, it feel good to have your homies on your side.
And they ain't mad cause they see they n- on the rise, and they tell me, huey do what you gotta do, I gotta shot.
And they know I wanna see em outta trouble, they like you other hood, well n- look we got the bubble.
Otherwise hustle to get what a n- need, and most of em grown, gotta take curl they seats.
So they out there on the grind with coke and weed, and continue to be rappers c.a. impede.
That's why I got em, cause they always had me, and if we had beef everybody had heat.
Back in the days everybody had to eat, if you went into kempt everybody had to creep.
To be supportive, i'm like go ahead make your profit. it feel good to be alive, but still it got me...

[chorus]

[verse 3: huey]
As far as family, everybody going through, oldest brother locked up so it's mine and luke.
But were trojan generations we gonna make it through,
It's f-ed up that my cousin had to make the news.
Shot 5 times and that ain't even a better place.
And all livin cousins is wishin for better day. i'm doing good for to be raised without a papa.
It feels good to be alive, but still it got me.

[chorus]