Driving-Ms-Daisy-Commentary:Logic
Somewhere this shit done got crazy
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy
With my hands on the steering wheel and my eyes on the pavement
I give a fuck 'bout where they went
I owe my lawyer a payment
They talkin' 'bout no arraignment
Now I wonder where the rain went
I just been all in my mind, homies tell me I'm stressin'
I been countin' what's on my bucket list and not on my blessin's
I think it's time for a lesson
Hold up, you better pay attention
I can't end up like my momma poppin' anti-depressants
My therapist think I'm crazy, or shit, she probably does
All that stress I'm under, I wonder why I don't do drugs
Raised in a household full of killers and thugs
Shit I've been in doubt so long, don't know who I was
But I know who I am, yes, I know who I is
Please pardon my grammar, Daisy bobbin' with this

I've just been driving (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy (uh uh, nah, nah)

That Bino the realest, this beat made me kill it
Her feet to the ceilin'
She said that she love me, she never said that in college
3005 Is our mileage
I'm in my lane like a Prius 'cause I'm movin' in silence
Still ain't broke down yet?
All the flashing lights and a couple Crown Vic's
Wanna rock a crown and a ring on the left
Tell your nigga speed up, she don't wanna get left
Relationships look closer in that rear-view
Finally slow it down and realize she ain't nowhere near you
So now you gotta stop, park, put that shit in neutral
Yea, you really love her, but is she worth your future?
Your Ciara, your Beyonce they'll be saying he got money
Think that Kim be with Kanye if he left drive in the driveway?
Yea I know who you are, yeah, I know who you is
We were drivin' together, when we met we were kids
You ain't know 'bout the biz, I ain't know 'bout it either
I see you in that new ride, I flash my lights when I see you

I've just been driving (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy (uh uh, nah, nah)
I've just been driving Ms. Daisy (uh uh, nah, nah)