yeah. time to bring yo' ass to the table y'all

it's x to the z xzibit, yeah (where you at?)
snoop double-d, uh, o.g. (west coast, los angeles)
what, bringin it live, with dr. dre, what?

throwin up a big-ass w, coverin up the world right?
yeahhh! hah, listen look
You ain't tryin to hot box with me, i swing hard liquor
goin down by the second round, all hail the underground
how dat sound? xzibit backin down from a conflict

fuck the nonsense, terrorist, hidden bomb shit

glass and metal in every direction
innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
i'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
and reason why niggaz with problems keep on steppin
xzibit ready to scrap, like mike tyson with his license back

nine to five, minimum wage, what type of life is that
for me? it's blasphemy, you fuckin around
with the sundance kid and butch cassidy
you had the audacity to wanna tangle with the x
strangle your neck, slap you like the opposite sex
drunk drivin tryin to stack my loot
while other rappers gettin "treated like a prostitute"
so check the soundscan
one: snoop dogg
All i wanna be was a g, ha
my whole life, nigga please, ha

breakin off these motherfuckin keys, ha
let's get these motherfuckin g's, ha

nigga you don't wanna fuck with this.
hmm. aww nah, big snoop dogg

back up in the heezee bay-bay
you jockin my style, "you so cra-zy"
dre say, ain't +no limit+ to this

as long as we drop gangsta shit
look here bitch, you fine and i dig your style
come fuck with a nigga, do it +doggystyle+
i'll be gentle, sentimental
shit, we fucked in the rental

lincoln, continental
hmm, coast to coast, l.a. to chicago
(yeah nigga you know what's happenin man)
i get this pussy everywhere that i go
(these bitches know what time it is)

ask the bitches in your hood cause they know
(hell yeah, hoes know about a nigga like me man)
i get the pussy everywhere that i go
(i pimp these hoes, nigga, ha ha)

ask the bitches in your hood cause they know
two: xzibit
Bitch please, get down on your god damn knees
for this money chronic clothes and weed (look)

you fuckin with some real o.g's
bitch please
bitch please, get down on your motherfuckin knees
we came to get the motherfuckin g's
yeah, you fuckin' with some real o.g's
you dick-tease!
bitch, please! now what you need to do is
hem my coat, and roll me some dough (f'real)
different strokes (uh-huh) for different folks

oh, you like settin niggaz up and gettin them loc's
a cute lil' bitch with a whole lotta heart
shit gets thick when the light gets dark
she say she gots a lick for me (well it up)
worth about, two hundred g's and thirty keys
now check this out dre, now if i don't move
then a nigga like me, shit i don't lose
but you know me, dogg i'm movin
ain't nuttin to it, but to get to groovin
you been, waitin on a nigga like me (whas' happenin)
to take that chance and rob yo' man and beat up the pussy
a victim of the circumstance (yeah right)
that's the devil, they always wanna dance
see we go out with a bang (bang bang!)
i'm tryin to work this cold thang, and take this whole thang
i get the money everywhere that i go (i go)
i bust a bitch and take her money fo' sho (fo' sho)
i get the money everywhere that i go (i go)
i bust a bitch and take her money fo' sho (fo' sho)
nate dogg (repeat 4x to fade)
Aiyyo. aiyyo aiyyo; you don't wanna step to me
still claimin d.p.g. - til the day i d-i-e