Breathe in, breathe out, now let it out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out

We smoke good good, you smoke sour
You got lights out, well we got power
Ask your girlfriend, she knows Howard
Blow about a zip in my heavy bower
I like fist fights, you need 2 blocks
You rock bullshit while we knock 2pac
This that high fi, yeah that fire
Big Snoop Dogg yeah I’m gonna die high
Itchy guy guy, you got bush
We got Obama and we blow kush
Ak 47 knock that trainwreck
We blow bubble kush while you smoke bullshit
Ask my nephews, up in the…
If it ain’t the … then it must be the hate hate
This your highlight so get your shit right
And this that real talk so get that shit right

Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out

Your kids and your mama, they say that they love me
Cause I am the big dog and you just a puppy
I got big game, you got nada
You like white girls so you sniff powder
Weigh that bag like and play that flashlight
This your last night, now get my cash right
I am king king, you just a baby cub
I got ... and you got baby nuts
Smoke with snoop dogg, I don’ think so
You got outdoor, I like indoor
I am legendary, you are temporary
You smoke stress for less we blow blueberry
You got the … so don’t start that
Why you pop that nigga, you ain’t got that
If you need that, turn on your headlights
Cause I got that shit to get your head right
Now smell the… I got diesel,
Spread the … I’m high as a …
Relax and kick back, it’s … did that
Now hit that lit that and bring that shit back

Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out

She likes surprise, he likes Kobe
Well I like Barren Davis cause that’s my homie
L.A. unified add that up …
Now what you smoke, cause you smoke…
How many teeth signs must I read layback
If you ain’t got kush the please don’t say that
We get down here, yo, your weed got brown here
And that’s the kind of weed that we don’t smoke round here
See you smoke red hair, we smoke bad bear
You got wax shit, then we got cat bist
We like swishers sweet, you like backwards
Yo we got seeds and you think that’s good
Boy you so lost, I am so boss
I got … to meet that snow cost
Dogg lbs… I guess this room be the death of me
And if it do so, then let my lungs make
Cause I’m in heaven blowing 7 the og …

Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out.