Snoop dogg, C walk to this
Snoop dogg, yeah, C walk to this
Snoop dogg, C walk to this
Snoop dogg

Bam, boom, watchoo gone do 'cuz?
Guess I'm rollin' in with them baby blue chuck
And I still got my khakis creased
Im still rockin' on these beats, and got a bad rep on the streets
It's the S N double O P, and, biggest Dogg of 'em all
And youse a flea, and
And since I got time to drop it for you, I guess I must
And give it to you mother fuckas like bust-a-bust

I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust
And can't none of y'all, fuck wit us
But you can run up on the G but thats not thinkin' wisely
These pullas are contagious, just like Ron Isley
What the hell is goin' on? Someone's sleepin' in my home
Snoop to the D O double G
Get in, where you fit in follow me

Who's the man with that dance? Snoop Dogg
Who kick the khakis from his pants? Snoop Dogg
Get the dro' low anything will stand, Snoop Dogg
Still rock the gin an' juice in hand,  Snoop Dogg

I do it for the G's, and I do it for the hustlaz
Here to annihilate you mark-ass bustas
F the police 'cuz all they wanna do is cuff us
The one is fuckin' chilly, as if his name was Usher
But I'm still ridin' in macks, makin' 'em G stacks
And got them corn rows to the back
I ain't really tryin' to be picky
But if you give me somethin', it's got to be the sticky

Doin' by the ounces, Lo' lo's bouncin'
Ninety doin' fakin' with kissin' on the couchin'
Boo to the ouchin', more a fountain
That's how we get anotha doggy dogg housin'
This year we ain't fuck wih thousands
We clean with millions and we fly as a falcon
Pull up to the Doggy Dogg Pound
With a car fulla bitches fuckin' grits like Alice

Who's the man with that dance? Snoop Dogg
Who kick the khakis from his pants? Snoop Dogg
Get the dro' low anything will stand, Snoop Dogg
Still rock the gin an' juice in hand,  Snoop Dogg

Three 14 inch rims is runnin' on the side
They riding on the side? Yeah, they runnin' on the side
Three 14 inch rims is runnin' on the side
They riding on the side? Yeah, they runnin' on the side
Three 14 inch rims is runnin' on the side
They riding on the side? Yeah, they runnin' on the side
Three 14 inch rims is runnin' on the side
They riding on the side? Yeah, they runnin' on the side

Take two and pass it, it will not burn you
From the Long Beach chronicles to the Wall Srreet Journal
They all know the G with the cut in his coupe
Ask Bill Gates yeah I know the homie Snoop
Yeah I'm still loaded, hangin wit my folk and
Follow Rakim 'cuz I ain't no jokin'
'Cuz I done seen so much
Enuff to have your felons touched

When the gunshots ratta, all ya boys scatta'
Check up on ya homies but they gave ya bad data
Make a nigga stop breathin'
That is so relievin', and now ya niggas are leavin'
What I say 'cuz what I say is so real
Homie you don' wanna see da, steel
You don't wanna catch a body, you can't hear the party
Now that's what you should do, now where's my baby-boo?

Who's the man with that dance? Snoop Dogg
Who kick the khakis from his pants? Snoop Dogg
Get the dro' low anything will stand, Snoop Dogg
Still rock the gin an' juice in hand,  Snoop Dogg

Yeah, no introduction is needed
But for those who still refuse to accept
The reading on the wall, for the new Mack-allenium
This the Archbishop Don Magic Juan
Chairman of the board of famous players everywhere
And I'm puttin' it down with Big Snoop Dogg
The legend, the King Player, my friend, your friend
The L.B.C. Savior, also known in this new Mack-allenium
As Da Boss