[** feat. Jim Jones & Shawty Lo:]


Could you be my psychiatrist, and make sure that my brain is right*
And I heard that you lot of... you better make sure that your aim is tight
How,.. she probably make sure that my game is right
I told her I'm a fly in a plane in flight and right I don't even see a plane in sight, get down
That mean bitch hop aboard you can spend your night with the proper balls
... plus you don't mean to brag big girls don't cry they don't even gag
Straight to the point, had a nigger wanna score like I'm sewing points
You know what they say about Spanish girl, we'll eat your ass up like Spanish food
Hey hot like Spanish fly, you don't need your,.. get your panties drop

Wet, I'm gonna get you wet, tell me baby are you wet?
I just gonna get you wet, wet, wet, wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking

Can you be my doctor? Can you fix me up? Can you wipe down
So I can lick you up, make you give it up, give it up
Till you say my name like a Jersey, Jersey shitting down the game
Be my head coach so you can put me in and never take me out
Till you can taste the win, do it again and again till you say my name
And by the way, I'm so glad that you came, tell me baby are you wet?
I'm gonna get you wet, little little bitch, tell me baby are you wet?
I just wanna get you wet, wet, wet

Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking

Show the dripping way like she jump out of the tower
It's my favorite sheets girl you gonna need a towel
We be going at it enough for Lisa laughing hours
As she like my mojo, Austin Powers, drip, drip, drip, drip
Drip for me mamy, and if you get it right get a tip from me mamy, yeah
It's hello, big Snoop Dogg, big daddy over here,.. dog, hey, Shawty

Wet, I'm gonna get you wet, tell me baby are you wet?
I just gonna get you wet, wet, wet, wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking

It's the cater, can you keep me up like I'm late for my first class
So I can give it to you rough like a first...
Fold you like a paper plane, you know about that paper, babe
But fucking down the bills, girl make it rain
Holiday... come and meet me on my eight floor
Damn it feels good but I feel bad... makes...
... but when I slip inside I tell girls to slip and slide
It's a flood to your heart love, girl let me pop up into your hot tub
Hey, every night, every day, sipping on a different drink
Different chicks, different tastes, I do it different ways
Where you going? What you say? I'm a hot river flowing to whenever make
Another ocean, another ocean, on the beach, on the beach
I'm about to take a swim, let me dip my feet and get wet

Wet, I'm gonna get you wet, tell me baby are you wet?
I just gonna get you wet, wet, wet, wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking
Drip, drip, drip, drip for me mommy, can you drip, drip, drip, pussy, pussy licking.