Yeah, whattup Detroit?
Nu, uh, nu, uh nuh, no he didn't
Ahhh, they didn't do it again
What, what, what, what?
Did you shit on these niggaz two times Dr. Dre?

Oh, fo' sho'
Uh, uh, naw, ya smell that?
This is special right here
What, what, what, what, what?
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie baby
Uhh, to the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, y'know, what's crackin' Dre?

Just let me lay back and kick some mo' simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit
Throw on, 'Guilty Conscience' at concerts and watch mosh pits
'Til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious

Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw
Boulevard when it's packed and fulla cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw is niggaz from Crenshaw
From Long Beach to South Central

Whoa, not these niggaz again
These grown ass ignorant men with hair triggers again
You and what army could harm me?
D R E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach

Came a long way, to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move, to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long uz' and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare, just bein' Andre, but I

Somehow, someway, hello, nigga, you know about Dogg-ay
Now, let me cut these niggaz up and show 'em
Where da fuck I'm comin' from, I get the party crackin'
From the shit that I be spittin' son

Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns, and I love all of 'em
The same bang, bang, damn, baby girl what's your name?
I forgot, what'd you say it was?  Damn a nigga buzzed

Hangin' in the club, with my nephew Eminem
Whattup 'cuz? The Great White American Hope
Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West coast, baby

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

I'm the head nigga in charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage, with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it, 'cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God

All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a twelve gauge, about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the body bag, but never in cuffs

So who do you trust?  They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please, you must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees, c'mon

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Aw, naw, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up in the heezy, baby
He's Shaday, he's so crazy

Gimme the mic, let me recite, 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right?  I'm just a criminal, makin' a living
Off of the world's misery, what in the world gives me the right

To say what I like, and walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life, like a white kid from the 'burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me

I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean

So, when you see me, dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
It's just me being me, here want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you fagot, you happy now?  Look here

I start some trouble everywhere that I go
  (That I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club cause they know
  ('Cause they know)
I start some shit they throw me out the back do'
  (The back do')
Come back and shoot the club up with a fo'-fo'
  (A fo'-fo')

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg
X to the Z, Nate Dogg
C'mon, yeah