Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
And suddenly, his conscience comes into play

Alright, stop! Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You'd better think of the consequence
"But who are you?"
I'm your motherf____n' conscience

That's nonsense
Go in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blonde wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades

Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it, before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older then George Burns

Funk that, do that s__t
Hit that lid
Can you afford to blow this hit?
Are you that rich?
Why you care if you scare her to death?
Are you that chick?
Do you really think she gives a f__k if you have kids?

Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it
Not over this shit
Stop!
Drop the biscuit
Don't even listen to Slim, yo
He's bad for you

You know what, Dre?
I don't like your attitude

Meet Stan, twenty-one years old
After meeting a young girl at a rave party
Thing's start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom
Once again, his conscience comes into play

Now listen to me: while you're kissin' her cheek
Smearin' her lipstick, I slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chick's earlobe...

Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, she's passed out

It's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how
And pick this chicken up
Get her off Brad's couch and leave her in front of the porch of mom and dad's house
Till she passes out and she forgot how she got there
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie "Kids"?
No, but I seen the porno with Son Doobiest!
Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?
Man, funk that, drop her off, ring the doorbell then bail

Meet Grady, a twenty-nine years old construction worker
After coming home from a hard day's work
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
To find his wife in bed with another man

Alright, calm down
Relax, start breathin'
Star breathin', man?
You just caught your wife cheatin'
While you at work, she's with some dude, tryin' to get off?
Forget gettin' divorce
Cut this chicken head off!
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit?
What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his ____?
Alright, Shady
Maybe he's right, Grady but think about the baby, before you get all crazy
Okay! Thought about it
Still wanna grab her?
Kick her out the house, get this daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did
Be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes!?
What'd you say?
What's wrong?
Didn't think I'd remember?
I'ma kill you, you lil' motherf____r!
Ah-ah, temper, temper!
Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A? Mr. AK, coming straight outta Compton, y'all better make way?
How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
Aw, f___k it, what am I sayin'?
Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?