I feel phenomenal as usual
Pharmaceuticals, glue sniffin pools of vomit at Bonnaroo
But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston
In the corner tryna seek solitude
Shallow but such a hollow dude
I won't even swallow solid food
Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa
Top it off I'm on mushrooms so fuck all of you…
Roses are violet, mollys are blue
Lost in a ball of confusion, it's all an illusion
It's probably the shrooms I'm on
Cuz I think I started hallucinatin'
Cuz I just thought I
heard Jay Electronica & Odd Future's new shit
& all I can do is follow the music
& end up wit Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza
Filling water balloons wit nail polish remova.
Just a pop 'em and wallow in fumes I…
feel uptight I got to get loosa
Afta I finish polishin' off this bottle of booze I got a solution
Concentrated like orange juice so I'm not as diluted
Cuz all this delusion got me seein' shit
Excusez-moi but that hoochie did pass
Ya see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze
But juicier ass, it belongs in a juicer
It's mouth waterin' too so I walked up to it like…
" I'm Marshall"
Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll introduce ya
Oh I'm a mysogonist too but I'm not a masseuse
But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth
(uh!)
A chronic abuser…
and not only user of marijuana
I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of ya losers
Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a ruger, a Glock, & a nuke
& a Rottweiler too, and I'm not in the mood so…
When I say I'm bringin' the Tech out
I'm not comin' to repair your fucking electronic computers
God…
I'm gonna puke, I'm so gone off the hookah
I think I swallowed a loofa
I'm TORE UP…
demolished, I'm fucking stoned like Oliver
Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her
The thoughts I produce are… L**Ny TuN3$
The box of reusable latex gloves & the socks & the shoes

2 replace Nextel-Veronica's boobs

& the paycheck stubs that were stuffed in a glove box

In a blue Honda wit used condoms were clues the…
girl was just not the one suitable for…
Right fo' me, will change me, rearrange my head 2 be just right for…
you & me, dont laugh, please listen!
Dont laaaugh…
(youralltraptinmyhead!)
Thought Id give in to the pressure
Collapse & crumble…
perhaps relapsing under that
Well that's a bunch of crap
In the clutch, I'm the Cap'n Crunch of rap
& I'm sick of acting humble, that's enough of that
Fuck that shit, cut the sack
Like it's a natural reaction
That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match
Cuz push keeps coming to that
I can keep getting my ass kicked and coming back
Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit, still mad
Disgruntled had some struggles yeah
but that passionate hunger's back
A fantastic juggling act
& the way I flip my tongue on the track
It's like verbal acrobatics, but in fact…
Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic
I fucking crashed my hovercraft
Afta I strapped the duffel bag to my back
& stuck the massive punchin' bag in it
An elastic bungee strap, rubber plaster, a thumb tack
& a piece of plastic bubble wrap
Went spastic & fuckin' snapped
Jumped & splashed in a puddle of battery acid
Stumbled back, recovered, back-flipped
& landed on a gymnastic tumble-mat!…
& for my last trick, lunge on back
latch on a N.A.S.A. shuttle flap, fuckin' snapped the rudder in half

Chuckled & laughed, buttaled my last rebuttal

& just asked him to come crash

& I go grab my Go-Go-Gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress

& ceramic construction hat, rubbed my magic mushroom tat 4 luck

then splat…
get up from that

Face taped to a waste paper basket
Throw up then gas, lungs collapsed
& that's mo' likely than finding someone that's
Right fo' me, will change me, rearrange my head 2 be
Just Right for me, will change me, rearrange my head 2 be just right for…
you & me, dont laugh, please listen!
Dont laaaugh…
(youralltraptinmyhead!)
Couple of shots of Jäger
Public intoxication, dis-fucking-cumbobulation
Flooded wit thoughts of anger
While I was away I know probably sum' of ya got 2 thinking
'You're top 10, ain't ya?' stop cuz ya fuckas are talking crazy
& stop interrupting you're not even up in that conversation!…
Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous
Underground, pop, or nameless, whateva yo job is
I came 2 fuck wit yo occupation
You're thinking just cuz ya came in with scrubs
& ya brought the scalpel & sponge
The oxygen tank & the suction & shot the brain surgeon
Stuck in the operating room
Once ya done swapped names wit him
Smuggled in Ronald Reagan, if you dug him up -> Donald Fagen
While juggling waffles bacon
a fucking McDonald's egg & cheese sausage bagel finagle
They flung it across the table
Then bump it & knock it shake it…
Jumped & got in the way then disrupted my concentration
I said

FUCK IT!

& lost my patience
they all woke up from sedation
Ain't none of ya Doctor Dre so then what does it got ya thinking
Ya can fuck wit this operation?! aftamath
still running hip-hop amazing
I'm still plugging along, no need for assumption
Here's confirmation, I'm up fo' the long duration…
I'm just looking fo' sumethin' 2 walk away wit

Sum' pocket change & a lil integrity
Tho' I'll probably be jumping across the stage
Till I'm fucking Madonna's age &…
Stuck in an awkward place in my life
But I shit ya not like I'm fucked up wit constipation
That day will come where I finally stumble upon sum' lady thats
Right for me, will change me, rearrange my head 2 be just right for…
you & me, dont laugh, please listen!
Dont laaaugh…
(youralltraptinmyhead!)