Yeah... Same song and dance...
Damn girl everywhere I go, same song and dance
I like the way you move, all over the globe
Same song and dance... Something about it man
Same song and dance... In the pale moon light

I'm lookin' at you yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by
The whole rapper thing aren't ya
Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya
Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya
Couple rape charges people think you're a monster
The police constantly buggin' ya non stop
I walk upon ya, well hello Tonya
I think you got your on-star button inside your car stuck
You outta gas? Do you got a flat?
I would hate for you to be stranded at the Laundrymat
I got your back, why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back
And sit up front, I'm not askin', it's a trap
You just got jacked, and bodysnatched and it's a wrap
In broad day, and no mask for this attack
I heard them say, exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take taskforce to get you back

Yeah baby, do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass, that windshield's too strong for you
I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you ball, why you cryin' to me? Same song and dance

The first victim I had, she was a big one
big movie star, a partygirl, big fun
She was the girl the media always picked on
In and out of rehab every 4 to 6 months
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
And Nickelodeon flashed her little kids once
What an event it was, I was sitting in front
I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in son
Look here she comes, I better pull out the big guns
Hello Lindsay, you're lookin' a little thin hun
How 'bout a ride to rehab, get in cunt
But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
Girl I'm just kiddin' let me start over again hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension
You little wench ya, murder wasn't my intention
If I wanted to kill you, it would of already been done
Slowly she gets in, and I begin to lynch her with 66 inches of extension
cord...

Yeah baby, do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass, that windshield's too strong for you
I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you ball, why you cryin' to me? Same song and dance

My second victim was even bigger than the first
Popstar icon, the whole works
She played a little school girl, when she first burst
upon the scene, and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It hurt me and made me mad at first
I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on
Was that I had developed a crush, I just didn't know how to tell it to her
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her?
Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons or
Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk
We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk
Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must
Creep up to her mansion in stilettos and just
Climb the gate and ring the bell, Like hello my love
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up
Now would you like to share a pill or two with me?
I'll share my valium with you, cause I'm feelin' you Britney
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
Ever since a school girl juvenile delinquent
I been feelin' you ooh ooh girl, you sexy little gal you
You hold that pill any longer it'll get sentimental value
Cmon' toots, give me the Valium, Alioop
I'll slam dunk it into your mouth til you puke
And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm bout to make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit I'll make a suit out of you, shoot
No show me how you move, baby do how you do

Yeah baby, do that dance
it's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl shake that ass
You ain't ever gonna break that glass, that windshield's too strong for you
I said yeah baby, sing that song
It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you ball, why you cryin' to me? Same song and dance

Same kickin' and screamin', same prayin' and sobbin'
Same song and dance, same beggin' and pleadin'
Same yellin' and bleedin', same song and dance
Yeah... same song and dance, I know... Same song and dance