Only reason I dissed you in the first place is because you denied seeing me
Now Im pissed off
Sit back and relax homey, kick back and relax, grab a six pack while I kick facts
Yeah Dres sick track, perfect way to get back
Wanna hear something wick wack?
I got the exact same tat thats on Nicks back
Im obsessed now
Oh gee, is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee
Wow Mariah, I didnt expect her to go balls out
Bitch, shut the f--k up before I put all them phone calls out you made to my house when you was wild n out before Nick
When you was on my d--k and give you somethin to smile about
How many times you fly to my house? Still trying to count
Better shut your lying mouth if you dont want Nick finding out
You probably think cuz its been so long if i had something on you I woulda did it by now
On the contrary, Mary Poppins, Im mixing our studio session down and sending it to mastering to make it loud
Enough dirt on you to murder you
This is what the f--k I do
Mariah, it ever occur to you that I still have pictures?
However you prefer to do and goes for you too, Nick, faggot
You think Im scared of you?
You gonna ruin my career you better get one
Like Ima sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt who made me put up with her psycho ass over 6 months and only spread her legs to let me hit once
Yeah, what you gonna say? Im lucky? Tell the public that I was so ugly that you f--g had to be drunk to f--k me?
Second base? What the f--k you tell Nick, punk?
In the second week we was dry humping. Its gotta count for something.
Listen, girly. Surely you dont want me to talk about how I nutted early cos ejaculated early and bus all over your belly, and you almost started hurling and said I was gross, go get a towel youre stomachs curling. Or maybe you do.
But if Im embarrassing me, Im embarrassing you and dont you dare say it isnt true.
As long as the songs getting airplay Im dissing you.
Im a hair away from getting carried away and getting sued.
I was gonna stop at 16. This is 32. This is 34 bars. We aint even a third of the way through.
Damn, Slim. Mariah played you. Mariah who?
Oh did I say whore, Nick? I meant a liar too.
Like Ive been goin off on you all this time for no reason.
Girl you out ya alcholic mind. Check ya wine cellar. Look at all the amounts of wine.
Like I sit around and think about you all the time.
I just think this is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme.
But it now im about to draw the line.
And for you to cross it thats a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb.

I can describe areas of your house that you wouldnt find on an episode of Cribs
A blubba load ribs if I hear another word so dont go opening your jibs cos every time you do its just another load of fibs
I aint saying this shit again, ho. You know what it is.
Its a warning shot for before I blow up ya whole spot
Call my bluff and Ill release every f--g thing I got
Including the voicemails right before you flipped your top
When me and Luis were tryin to stick two CDs in the same spot
(Slim Shady I love you)
I love you too
Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo. Now what you say?
(Its nothing)
Guess what Ill do?
Ill refresh your memory when you said I want you
Now should I keep going or should we call truce?
(You think youre cute, right? Hahaha)
You bet your sweet ass I do
(Im Mary Poppins, b)
And Im Superman, mmm
(Mary P. Slim Shady)
Comin at you
So if youll still be my (babygirl)
Then Ill still be your (Superhero, Wilma M.)
Yeah, Im right here
(You like this)
Nope. Not anymore, Dear.
It cuts like a (knife) when I tell ya get a (life)
But Im movin on with mine
Nick, is that your (wife)
Well tell her to shut her mouth then Ill leave her alone
If she dont (sing this script?) then Ima just keep goin
(I se Mary Ann. Mary Anns saying cut the tape, cut the tape. Knife!)