i:Kendrick Lamar:8:2015-01-24

Is this mic on?
Hey! Hey! Turn the mic up!
I want the mic
We bringing up nobody-nobody-nobody
But the number one rapper in the world
He done travelled all over the world
He came back just to give you some game
All the little boys and girls, come up here
This for you, come on up
Kendrick, come on

I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
The Devil wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry
As I look around me
So many motherfuckers wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me

(I love myself)
When you lookin' at me, ahh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the bully
(I love myself)
Illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't be shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, uhh

And when they say it's a war outside, bomb in the street
Gun in the hood, mob of police
Rock on the corner with a line full of fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on a scheme yup
These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation (Come to the front, yeah)
I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis
Dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
Sky could fall down, wind could cry now
Look at me motherfucker, I smile

(I love myself)
When you lookin' at me, ahh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the bully
(I love myself)
Illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't be shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, uhh

Everybody lookin' at you crazy (Crazy)
What you gon' do? (What you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep moving (Keep moving)
Or let the paranoia haunt you? (Haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this, nigga

(I love myself)
When you lookin' at me, ahh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the bully
(I love myself)
Illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't be shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, uhh

Walk my bare feet (Walk my bare feet)
Down, down valley deep (Down, down valley deep)
Fi-fie-fo-fum (Fi-fie-fo-fum)
My heart undone (My heart undone)

(I love myself)
When you lookin' at me, ahh, tell me what do you see?
(I love myself)
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the bully
(I love myself)
Illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't be shy
(I love myself)
One day at a time, uhh

I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it till I get it right
War last night
I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin' I can never see the message
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave
From a negative and letting them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my body-

*Argument breaks out in the crowd*

Not on my time, Not while I'm up here
Not on my time, kill the music
Not on my time
We could save that shit for the streets
We could save that shit, this for the kids bro
2015, niggas tired of playin' victim dawg
Niggas ain't trying to play vic-- since Tutu how many niggas we done lost?
Yeah, yeah, how many we done lost?
No forreal, answer the question, how many niggas we done lost bro?
This, this year alone
Exactly. So we ain't got time to waste time my nigga
Niggas gotta make time bro
The judge make time, you know that, the judge make time right?
The judge make time so it ain't shit
It shouldn't be shit for us to come out here and appreciate the little bit of life we got left dog
On the dead homies Charlie P. you know that bro
You know that
It's mando
And I say this because I love you niggas man
I love all my niggas bro
Exac — enough said, enough said
We gon get back to the show and move on, because that shit petty my nigga
Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check
We gon do some acapella shit before we get back to --
All my niggas listen
Listen to this:

I promised Dave I'd never use the phrase "fuck nigga"
He said "think about what you saying, fuck niggas"
No better than Samuel on D'Jango
No better than a white man with slave boats
Sound like I needed some soul searching
My pops gave me some game in real person
Retrace my steps on what they never taught me
Did my home work fast before governement caught me
So I'ma dedicate this one verse to Oprah
On how the infamous, sensitive N-word control us
So many artist gave her an explanation to hold us
Well this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia
N-E-G-U-S definition: royality King royalty - wait listen
N-E-G-U-S description: Black emporor, King, ruler, now let me finish
The history books overlooked the word and hide it
America tried to make it to a house divided
The homies don't recognize we be using it wrong
So I'ma break it down and put my game in the song
N-E-G-U-S, say it with me
Or say no more. Black stars can come and get me
Take it from Oprah Winfrey
Tell her she right on time
Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest Negus alive